Tutorial
Quieter Times in Kaer Morhen
Guest Room
The game begins pleasantly enough-the sexy feet that frustrated Conan so much belong to Geralt of Rivia, who just so happens to be enjoying a warm bath... Until he gets molested by a crustacean, the machinations of his sorceress lover Yennefer. She proceeds to chastise him about training Ciri, the two get dressed, and a day in the life of a Witcher begins.

Or rather, the game's tutorial begins. You first task is to procure a key for the door, which you've rather wisely locked to keep prying eyes out. Aside from pointlessly extinguishing candles and examining various objects and getting some commentary from Geralt and Yennefer, there's not much to do. In the north-western corner of the room, on a book on a table near the door, you'll find your wayward key. Of course, you're supposed to be trying out your swanky new "Witcher Senses" [L2], so hold that button down and, if you've played any of the recent Batman games, you'll understand the purpose-it highlights interactable objects. In this case, the key we need. Grab it and open the door. Yes, the game even gives you a tutorial for opening doors. Turns out you have to face them and press [X]. Who knew?

Note: All directions will be given in relation to the mini-map. It's a pretty nifty tool that'll make both our lives easier.

Unlock the door and strut downstairs, Geralt-style. Once on the ground floor, Geralt will note that his master-Vesemir-who was supposed to be watching Ciri, has failed at his duties. Instead of some dull book work, Ciri decided to terrorize some training dummies while Vesemir caught forty winks. After some chatter with Vesemir, Geralt heads down to chastise the young aspiring Witcher. After chatting with Ciri for a bit, she'll ask if you want to "run the walls", which is a handy, more in-depth tutorial covering basic mobility.

Running the Walls
If you chose to "run the walls", start out by heading west and climbing a ladder [X], then scale two platforms to the north [Circle] and climb onto a wall to the west. Drop off a ledge to the north, then another to the south before climbing down a ladder to the east. Head down some stairs to the south and climb down another ladder, then navigate some wooden walkways to the west, going down two more flights of stairs and another ladder. Once all this is done, your goal is to head east into a sunken courtyard to find Vesemir, who is waiting with Lambert and Eskel, two other resident Witchers.

Note: Kaer Morhen seems to have retained at least some of the same basic design from the first game. Very cool touch.

Vesemir will give Ciri the angry old man treatment before finally moving on to combat training. Accept the tutorial if you wish to learn more about combat (why wouldn't you?) or pass.

The Fundamentals
Choose to "start with the fundamentals" and Geralt will claim a sword for him to use. The game will briefly introduce you to the three basic tools of a Witcher-swords, signs, and alchemy. For now, we're focusing on swords. Press [Left] on the D-pad to quick-draw your steel sword (useful for fighting humans, who tend to be clad in pesky armor). Silver swords [Right] will come into play later when we're hunting monsters, who are vulnerable to silver-plated weaponry.

Once your sword is out, lock onto Vesemir by pressing down on the [R3] button, then perform a series of Fast Attacks [Square], followed by Strong Attacks [Triangle]. Next up, dodging [Circle]. Vesemir gives ample warning before he attacks, so you should have no trouble scoring two dodges that this task requires. Next you'll need to roll out of the way twice [X], which is more of the same, except Vesemir's attacks are even more obvious. What's the difference? Dodges are shorter and faster, best for dodging quick enemies and retaliating. Rolls are good for dodging heavy, slower attacks. Parrying is the next order of business-simply hold down [L2] to parry all of Vesemir's attacks. Finally, it's time to practice ripostes. Hit [L2] as Vesemir attacks to block-and-counter him.

Now it's time to move onto Signs. Press [L1] to to open the Quick Menu, from which you can select your Signs. The first up is the Quen Sign. Select it, then cast it by pressing [R2]. Quen blocks damage, and is eminently useful for mitigating damage. Cast it and let Vesemir hit you-to no effect. Then switch to the Igni sign, which projects a cone of fire at your foe, which is handy for harming or dispatching a group of weaker foes, or perhaps setting a stronger critter on fire. Next up is the Axii Sign, which Geralt can use to disorient foes. It's also handy for gaining the upper hand in diplomacy. Last up is Yrden, which places a magical trap on the ground that slows enemies who enter.

Swords and Signs are done, which leaves only alchemy. First up are bombs. Press [L1] again and access the lower half of your radial, which contains equipped alchemical items (potions, bombs and oils). Once selected, chuck a bomb at Vesemir [R1], then head to the selected spot and toss some more bombs at some training dummies, this time holding down [R1] to free-aim.

You can now freely train with Vesemir, and it's nice to have the gloves off. Practice dodging, countering, attacking... all that good stuff. The training ends when you sheath your sword. After an unsettling intrusion, so does the dream in which the tutorial occurred.

White Orchard
The Hunt Begins
In the Army's Wake...
Geralt will wake up, and the old Witcher, Vesemir, will start chatting with him. Either reveal the details of your dream-tutorial, or not. Afterwards the two will decide to head out. According to a letter Geralt received from Yennefer, their destination was Wiloughby, a rendezvous somewhat complicated by the fact that the town was slightly pillaged. War rages in the northern lands, and where armies pass, Necrophages follow.

This fact is punctuated by the Ghouls that will show up and attack you here. They're not challenging foes-dispatch them by using Fast Attacks with the Silver Sword, then loot them for any Venom and Ghoul's Blood they might drop. If you get injured, you can meditate by touching the [Touch Pad] and heading to the "Meditation" screen. At this point in the game, you've got more time than disposable healing items on your hands.

Note: Geralt naturally regenerates one point of Vitality per second. Sadly, since he starts the game with 3500 Vitality, this amounts to... well, frankly, piss-poor regeneration. It will take nearly an hour to regenerate from near-death to full health.

When you're done picking on Ghouls, return to Roach and from him head north-west, just past as small trail, where, with your Witcher Senses active, you should spot a Crystal Skull lying on the ground. Geralt will guess this odd object belongs to Yennefer. Might come in handy.

Note: Using Witcher Sense will cause interactable (usually lootable) object to glow yellow. Quest-related interactable objects will glow red. Monsters will be shown as white ripples (of varying size, depending upon proximity). Objects that can be affected by specific Signs will have that Sign's symbol over them-typically objects that can be destroyed with Aard or ignited with Igni.

That's enough goofing around for now. Time to head over to Roach, mount up, and follow Vesemir. Don't worry, we'll return to explore this area in more detail shortly. Summon Roach by double-tapping [L3]. While riding, hold down [X] to canter, double-tap and hold [X] to gallop, press [Circle] to jump, and hold [Circle] to dismount. [Square] and [Triangle] attack from horseback, but it's not an ideal way to fight.

There are two larger dirt roads that eventually connect to the south-you want to follow the eastern of the two. Vesemir will comment on the state of the war as you ride, showing a decidedly un-Witchery view of politics (which Geralt doesn't fail to comment on.) When the road turns from heading south-east to south you'll spot a gallows east of the road with three swinging corpses in various states of decay. Follow the road south-west to find a "Ransacked Village". War hits the poor the hardest, and so it is here. Leave the people in
peace for now and continue to follow Vesemir south, then south-east, eventually crossing over a small bridge.

Note: Signposts serve as fast-travel waypoints. To use one, simply approach it and hit the [X] button, then select any other discover signpost to travel there.

The Griffin and the Tavern
Some time later, Geralt and Vesemir will run across a merchant being harassed by a Griffin. The Witchers will succeed at chasing the beast off (although, not in depriving it of its meal) and Vesemir will be superficially wounded in the process. Afterwards, the maligned merchant will emerge from under his cart and offer to pay you for your good deed. If you demand payment, you'll find yourself 50 Crowns richer. Afterwards, the merchant will overhear you talking, and refer you to the tavern in the village of White Orchard.

Objective	Reward
For asking the merchant for a reward	50 Crowns
If you bother checking out your map you'll note that you've traveled north-west from where you were before the cutscene, and you should continue west along the road from the "Ford" marked on your map. Vesemir and Geralt will discuss the Griffin's odd hunting habits. Seems Witchers will gladly attribute any odd monster behavior to human activity. Keep riding east, cross "Woesong Bridge" to reach the village of White Orchard. Follow Vesemir to the tavern and he and Geralt will dismount and head inside.

Witness some tension in the tavern, after which Geralt and Vesemir will talk to the innkeeper. If you didn't shakedown her cousin earlier, she'll be thankful and give you four Roasted Chicken Legs. Keep talking to her to learn that there's no contract for the Griffin yet. The Witchers might speculate on why the Griffin has chosen abnormal hunting habits, but the reason why there's no bounty can fully be blamed on the war. Other than that, she sells some food and alcohol, and hasn't seen Yennefer... although somebody else in the tavern may have.

Note: Merchants have a fixed amount of money on them at any given time. Fortunately, the entire economy of the world isn't dependent upon our actions-if you meditate for a while, eventually the Merchants will replenish their money, and some of their wares.

Objective	Reward
For not taking the merchant's money earlier and talking to the innkeeper	4 Roasted Chicken Legs
Start out by talking to a pair of Peasants sitting north of where Vesemir roosts. They're a pair of jack-asses, but if you use the Axii Sign on one of them, you'll get the information you seek-Yennefer passed through here a few days ago. In quite a hurry.

Objective	Reward
For using Axii to get the Peasant to talk	25 XP
Of course, it's not the most reliable of information, so we might as well keep asking. Ignore the threesome playing cards east of the Innkeeper, and instead talk to Gaunter O'Dim further east. As far as tavern patrons go, he's a rather swell chap, if a bit wearing on the patience. Play as nice as the dialogue options will allow and you'll score some Nilfgaardian Lemon for free, as well as the information you seek. He not only knows Yennefer by her description, but he knows you, as well. Seems Dandelion's tales travel far. The Peasants from before were right, but lacked sufficient information. The local Nilfgaardians might know more.

A Game of Gwent
Talk to the threesome sitting at the table, and one fanatic will chase the other two off. Ask him about his war correspondance, what he meant when he mentioned the "Horsewoman of War", and chat about Novigrad's future as far as the war is concerned. Once that's done, go to leave and he'll ask you to play Gwent with him. For more information on Gwent, check out the heading "Gwent Strategies".

Play your first match of Gwent with the Scholar, and with any luck you should win. He's not too bright, despite his name. If you play powerful, diverse unit cards, he's really got no chance. Just don't play all your cards in one round-you rarely get to draw new cards. If you build up a comfortable lead (five Strength or more higher) you might just want to pass. This will end the game for you, and there's a chance he'll spend himself to victory, but if he does this on the first round, there's a good chance he just won't have any cards left to compete with on the next two rounds.

When you win (best two out of three rounds takes the game) you'll get the "Zoltan Chivay" Card, a Close Combat Card that has no alliance-it can be played in any deck. Sweet. You can also buy more Gwent cards from the Innkeeper-she sells five, including another Foltest Leader Card, three high-Strength cards with the "Tight Bond" special ability (cards that amplify duplicate cards when played together) and a "Decoy" card. In any event, the Scholar will mention a certain "Stjepen" you should look up later in your travels. All this starts the quest "Collect 'Em All". Seriously, be sure to buy these cards as soon as you can-you might not be able to later, and missing out on the "Decoy", "Catapult", "Blue Stripes Commando" and "Crinfrid Reavers Dragon Hunter" cards would be a shame.

Objective	Reward
For defeating the scholar at Gwent	Zoltan Chivay Card
Exploring White Orchard Village
Notice Board
Leave the tavern, whereupon you'll discover that the thugs who occupied the tavern earlier are waiting for you outside. Hatred of Witchers tends to come paired with the lack of sense to avoid provoking them. And so it is in this case, as well. A fight ensues regardless of what action you pick in response to them, but if you use the Axii Sign you can earn some extra experience and take one of them out of the fight. Wisely, they choose fisticuffs as their weapons, so smack them around.

Objective	Reward
For using the Axii Sign on the Thug	40 XP
For beating up the Thugs	350 XP
It's finally time to start exploring-the Nilfgaardians can wait, they're not going anywhere any time soon. We'll start with the town, where one would expect to recieve plenty of work, and then move on to exploring the wilderness, focusing on points of interest as we go. Whenever possible our area of exploration will be centered around a nearby Signpost (which also double as a fast travel locations), but when that's not concise enough, geographic features (a battlefield, a swamp, a village) or simple directional bias (the north-eastern corner of the map) will be used.

Anywho, first things first, head down the road from the tavern to the east a bit-there are a few containers near the stables worth looting, but as a general rule every box, crate, and sack won't be pointed out (unless they have something particularly note-worthy inside, of course)-where you'll find your old pal the Merchant. You remember him? He was almost eaten by a Griffin. Seems he salvaged some of his stock, but wagon repairs take time and are expensive, so he's eager to sell off what goods he has while he waits. While it's nice to catch up with him, he doesn't really sell much of interest... unless you installed the Temerian Armor DLC, in which case, he'll have a full set of that gear in his inventory. It's the best armor we'll immediately have access to, and if you've got the coin, it's worth buying.

Turn around and follow the road west, looting houses and grabbing herbs as it pleases you. It's a good way to score some food, components, and perhaps a few Orens. Posted on a tree to the south of the road you'll find the notice "Wanted: honeycombs. Will pay top coin. Large quantities welcome. Tomira, the herbalist." Good to know.

Continue west until the road forks. At the fork you'll find the Notice Board-that staple of Witcher games which bestows quests upon us. Even better, just looking at the Notice Board (even without taking any of the notices) will update your map with a variety of "Undiscovered Locations". These range from Monster Nests, Guarded Treasures, Bandit Camps, and other optional places worth exploring to score loot and experience. The notices worth grabbing are "Contract: Devil by the Well" which starts a quest of the same name, and "Brother Missin" which starts "Missing in Action". If you save and reload your game, new notices will appear, but since none of them start new quests, there's not much point in bothering.

Twisted Firestarter
From the Notice Board head south to find a very angry Dwarven blacksmith cursing as he works at his forge. Talk to the poor guy and, as one would expect, he's rather snippy. Keep cool and he'll tell you that somebody set his hut on fire-an act of arson he feels was brought on by tensions that arose when the Nilfgaardians came. Offer to help him for a price and he'll agree to give you whatever he as left to find the cause of his misfortune. This begins the quest "Twisted Firestarter".

First, note the Grindstone to the north-east. Using it is free, and will sharpen your weapons, giving you the "Enhanced Weapons" boon for 15 minutes. Score. Head behind the blacksmith's house and search to the south-east using your Witcher Senses to spot some evidence on the ground. Investigate them and Geralt will deduce the arsonist's actions. Further south-east Geralt will find footprints, which seem to belong to a large man. Follow them or less east to a tree, where Geralt will detect the smell of piss and vodka-a common combination. Keep following the tracks east to reach a road, then north-east until they terminate near a boat. As drunk as our arsonist was, he was at least wise enough to try and cover his trail. Loot a chest to the north and pass under the bridge to find where the tracks continue, north of the bridge. Signs of a struggle are noted-apparently our arsonist was attacked by Drowners and lost his boots in the scuffle. The trail continues to the west and onto the road that runs through White Orchard. Follow the wounded arsonist's trail to a house just south of the tavern.

Head inside and Geralt will comment that we'll be able to spot our arsonist by the wounds he bears. Search the eastern room to find Napp, who is obviously drunk and injured. Talk to him and he'll confirm that blacksmith's suspicions-a combination of racism and hatred of the Nilfgaardians led the arsonists to torch the business of a suspected collaborator. Knowing that he's in trouble, however, he'll offer to give you some loot to let him go. If you accept, the blacksmith will be upset you couldn't find the arsonist, but he'll still offer his services to you... which is really the point of all this.

Objective	Reward
For talking to the arsonist	25 XP
For letting the arsonist go	25 XP
For telling the blacksmith about your failure	50 XP
Alternatively, you can attempt to apprehend him. Doing so will provoke him to attempt to fist fight you. You can indulge him and pummel him into submission, or you can use the Axii Sign to subdue him and get him to come along peacefully. In the former case, you'll appear back near the blacksmith, in the latter case, you'll have to escort Napp to him. Either way, the outcome is the same-Willis calls some Nilfgaardian soldiers over, who decide Napp's arson constituted sabotage, and set out to hang him. Once they're gone, Willis decides the Nilfgaardians aren't so bad after all, and will offer to work his forge for you.

Objective	Reward
For using the Axii Sign on Napp	25 XP
For bringing Napp back to Willis	25 XP
One way or another, we have a blacksmith at our disposal, which allows us to repair our gear, craft new items, break down old items for components, and of course, peruse his wares. Dismantling hides, tools, and inferior weapons is a good idea, as it's a fine way to score components at little cost. You also are able to turn more refined components into more generic ones (Ingots into Ore, fore example), but at this point in time, there's little need to do so. Consider dismantling all your Junk, while leaving Crafting Components and Alchemy Ingredients alone. For more information on crafting, see the section "Crafting Information".

Of particular interest in his inventory are the Saddlebags, which will increase your maximum inventory weight by 30, a boost of 50%. They cost nearly 200 Crowns, however. Also, you might have-or nearly have-the components required to upgrade your armor to the Warrior's Leather Jacket, depending on how diligently you looted the houses in White Orchard. All of this costs money however, and right now the best way to earn money is by selling the herbs we pick. They're plentiful, they grow everywhere, and each one is worth a coin. Killing animals works, too, especially if you use the Igni Sign to save wear and tear onyour weaponry. Or... we could start exploring. That's an option, too. There's nothing stopping you from hunting game, killing monsters, and picking herbs while we explore, either. In fact, it's recommended! Yeah... let's do that.

To the Ransacked Village
Head east back through the village to reach Woesong Bridge. It is here we'll start. Cross the bridge and loot a Nilfgaardian outpost, then cross another bridge to reach an island. Not too much going on here-there's a house in the center of the island with two chests in it, one of which contains a diverse bit of Alchemy and Crafting items. The woman in this house-Liseje-has nothing to say at the moment, which is just fine. Another chest outside (north of) the house also contains some Alchemy and Crafting items.

Leave the house and follow the road leading to it back south and continue until you reach a road running east-west along the southern end of the island. South of this road are some ruined docks, near which you'll find a sack, a crate, and a chest worth looting.

Guarded Treasure
Cross a shallow ford to the south-east to reach the woods near the Ransacked Village. If you explore to the south along the beach you'll find some Drowners brazenly walking about during the day. At this point in the game, Drowners are best fought solo, and they really only become dangerous in groups. Igni works well on them, especially if it catches one on fire, as they can be further punished with melee attacks. Don't try to parry them, however, as their physical attacks can stun you whether you block or not. Dispatch them, then continue following the shore counter-clockwise. Across the river to the south-west you'll see more Drowners near a beached boat. Swim across (aim to land a bit away from the Drowners) and kill them. Once done, loot the treasure they were guarding, which includes three crates, a sack, and a chest. In the partially submerged crate and chest you'll find particularly interesting loot.

Note: The items you'll find in chests tends to be random, even important ----- loot like Diagrams, Formulae, and equipment. The locations where you'll find superior loot, however, is static. What you'll get, exactly, is hard to say, but where to look for the best gear is more or less going to be common to all players.

Bandit Camp
Swim back across the river (to the north-east) and explore the southern end of the forest, where, near the center, you should find a Bandit Camp. Hit and run tactics work to take them out one at a time. Focus on killing any archers first, if you have the opportunity, and use the Quen Sign to protect you. Once they're all dead, loot the sacks south of their campfire for rare crafting components, while the chest contains rarer loot.

Smugglers' Cache
Return to the shore and follow it east until you reach a bridge connecting the Ransacked Village to the land to the south. Under the bridge is a Smuggler's Cache, which is a good bit simpler than the last two events we completed-just approach the bridge from the east and loot the packages lying about. The loot isn't as unique as it was in the last two events, but hey... can you really complain? You didn't even have to fight anything.

Bandit Camp
From the bridge follow the road to the north-east until it turns north-west. At the bend, veer off the road, continuing north-east up a short hill. Climb a collapsed brick structure, scale a rock ledge above it, then turn north and jump a gap to reach another stone ledge, then climb up onto more brickwork to find a Bandit Camp. Dispose of the ne'er-do-wells here, then search a ruined brick building to the south to find plenty of lootable sacks, crates, and a chest. Investigate a note on the floor, which discloses the location of a Bandit Camp. In the chest you'll find an odd bit of static loot-an Interrogation Report and a Diagram: Serpentine Steel Sword. Picking up the former starts the quest "Scavanger Hunt: Viper School Gear". The Serpentine Steel Sword is a nice upgrade, but it requires Emerald Dust. Unless we're lucky and find some, it'll set us back some 500 Orens to buy it from Willis.

Guarded Treasure
Pick your way down back the way you came, then head south until you reach the shore again... that's right, back to this business. Follow the shore north-east to eventually find another Guarded Treasure. You'll need to drop into the water near the bridge at first, but it beats dropping off the ledge later. Along the way you'll find a pair of Drowners guarding a beached boat and some sacks with minor loot in them. Further on is the Guarded Treasure, protected by the expected quartet of Drowners. Once they've been slain search the two chests in the sand they were guarding.

Exploring the Battlefield
It's time to finally pay attention to the Ransacked Village, itself. All around you'll find peasants mourning their loss. Life is hard when you're on the bottom. Of course, it'll be even worse if monsters are terrorizing them. With that logic, feel free to loot whatever minor possessions they still had. One of houses will have to be opened by gentle application of the Aard Sign to the door.

Bandit Camp
Once the looting is done, head to the Ransacked Village signpost, and from there head up the road to the north-west. Follow it west, then when it joins with another road, continue along it to the north-west. Along the way you should find a ruined wagon along the western side of the road, including a chest which can hold some superior gear. Continue north along the road until you find a Bandit Camp consisting of three weak bandits. Smite them, and loot their chest west of the road, near a bridge. The loot was nice, but mostly we eliminated this camp just to clear the way for a quest we can do-one that'll give us an excuse to explore further north.

Missing in Action
First, however, we need to return to the Ransacked Village. Along the road south of the sign (near where the road turns from running mostly south to south-west) you'll find Dune, sitting alone save for his dog. Talk to him and he'll tell you that his brother, Bastien, was involved in a battle with the Nilfgaardians a while back, and has since gone missing. Tell him to walk the battlefield and he'll relate the not-so-surprising news that necrophages prowl around there, and almost made a meal out of him when he last went searching. He just so happens to be in need of somebody who can fight such critters. Offer to help out, then follow him to the battlefield, which is north-east of the Crossroads signpost.

Along the way you'll find the wholesome sights of war, including impaled corpses and the remains of a military camp. The impaled corpses, one should note, are all wearing Temerian blue. The Nilfgaardians aren't always as civilized as they claim. Search the bodies along the road and in the camp to find a variety of sub-par weapons (which can be either sold or broken down for components) ashes, or water.

Talk to Dune and you'll plan a course of action-searching for Bastien's body won't be easy, but it's what we've come to do. For now, Dune and his dog will follow you around... although the dog does like to make a nuisance of itself by nudging you occasionally... Continue north past a large tree and scour the camp for some intact chests. There are four of them in total-one in the remains of a ruined Temerian tent along the western end of the camp, another rests to the south, along some stakes, the third third is east of a tree that stands in the center of the camp, while the forth and final chest is even further east, at the end of the camp, in a tent.

Once you're done looting the four chests, you can turn your gaze north, where you'll find a fine test for your OCD. Bodies litter the ground-obviously the remains of a not-so-long-past battle. Bodies that can be looted. Do you really need that many Blunt Axes? Probably not. Draw your silver sword and dispatch a trio of Ghouls, then activate your Witcher Senses to search for the shields that might bear the mark that identifies Bastien. There are four shields you can search-one is north-east of the center of the search circle, another is near the north-western edge (at about 10:00), a third is at the southern end (6:00) while the final one is also at the edge of the search area-at about 8:00.

After searching the shields Dune will explain that the dog has found Bastien's scent, and the search area will greatly expand. Head south-west to find a cabin in the woods. When you approach you'll overhear a Nilfgaardian soldier talking to a Temerian soldier. Geralt interrupts, and Dune shows up to identify Bastien. Apparently the two are fellow deserters, although originally from different camps, they found common cause... which of course complicates things, because now Bastien won't desert his friend. The rebel Bastien can chuck his armor and stand a chance at recovering anonymously, but the deserter will be hanged if he is caught... and so will any who aid him, as Dune points out.

If you talk Bastien into abandoning his friend, he'll agree to leave, but persist in trying to help. Rhosyn will hear none of it though-he knows he's being left to his inevitable fate. On the other hand, you can convince Dune to show what Nordlings are really made of and show some compassion, which will convince Dune to take the Nilfgaardian in. Either way, the quest is complete.

Objective	Reward
For convincing Bastien to abandon Rhosyn	25 XP
For convincing Dune to take Rhosyn in	25 XP
Monster Nest/Place of Power
Return back to the battlefiend and explore to the north-west, where you'll find a couple of things. First, there's a road that leads to the "Cackler Bridge" signpost, which is of limited use to us now, since the gate west of it is closed, and must be opened from the other side. North-east of here you can find a Ghoul Nest (complete with four new Ghouls waiting to be smote). While we can clear the Ghouls, we can't yet deal with their nest... not until we can make bombs, anyways. On a more positive note, just north of the Ghoul Nest rests a Place of Power. Be sure to clear the former and activate the latter, as it'll bestow one Ability Point to you when you do so, which is very win.

Note: Places of Power in the first two games simply gave temporary stat bonuses. They're far, far more interesting in The Witcher 3.

There's one more thing we can do here before we turn out attentions elsewhere-under the Cackler Bridge you can find a corpse and a chest to loot. Trouble is, both sides of the river are pretty steep. If you travel back to the Ford signpost (where the merchant was attacked by the Griffin) you can head north along the shore to reach the treasure.

Exploring Southern White Orchard
Devil By the Well (Part 1)
Return to the village of White Orchard, sell, repair, dismantle equipment as necessary. Our next goal is to explore the areas south and south-east of the village. Since the quest "Devil by the Well" also occurs down there... well, we might as well tackle that, too. To start this quest head to the large house west of the Notice Board, where you'll find Odolan. His daughter has fallen ill from drinking river water, which was polluted by all the corpses desposited during the last battle. According to a local herbalist, whatever she's contracted requires her to stay hydrated, and the only source of pure water around is the well, which has been haunted for some time. Back when the river water was pure, this wasn't an issue, but now... now the ghost must be dealt with, or the girl will die.

Pretty clear-cut case. This is Witcher's work. Ask the farmer to describe the ghost and he will. After that, you merely have to accept the job, haggle for more coin, or decline. Haggling is simple enough-the farmer will start at a base rate (in this case, 20 Crowns), and you'll have to raise. Go too high, and the farmer will decline and get annoyed. Your goal is to start high, and drop the rate until you both agree. Every time you ask for more than the farmer is willing to pay, he'll get more annoyed (by an amount proportional to the money you're asking for). 23 Crowns is about as high as you can expect to go here, which makes one wonder whether it's even worth haggling over. Do what you will, but ultimately accept the quest.

Leave Odolan and travel south along the road. You'll pass a house, and shortly south of that the path forks. The south-eastern path leads to our objective, so naturally we want to head south-west, first. As you head south-west the path will split temporarily, and at this point you'll find broken trees and large patches of blood on the ground. Wonderful. Continue south-west to find the Broken Bridge signpost, and further beyond that... a broken bridge. How fitting. Leap over the broken bridge and continue following the road and it'll veer south-east temporarily, then turn back south-west.

Bandit Camp
At this point you'll want to head west off the road until you find some bandits guarding their camp. Dispose of them, then loot their camp. All of their goodies are located under a tent, near a pair of cots. Must have been hot-bunking. This loot includes a chest, which has a chance to contain exceptional gear.

Place of Power
Return back east until you reach the road, then continue east past the road until you find a Place of Power. Draw from it and enjoy your bonus Ability Point. From here if you head north and slightly east you'll find the Griffin's nest... or at least, what remains of it, and nearby is the body of a rather dead Griffin. This might have something to do with our rampaging Griffin. Despite pointing this out, you should avoid the Griffin's nest for now, as discovering it early will mess with the progression of a quest later and cost us some experience.

Devil By the Well (Part 2)
Head back to the road and follow it back to the fork, at this point following the south-eastern fork we neglected earlier. Continue on this road until you find the Abandoned Village signpost, beyond which is our... well, abandoned village. Head inside and have a look around, making use of your Witcher Senses to look for clues. Examine the scorched grass around the well, then investigate a crispy body west of the well. From this evidence, Geralt deduces the ghost we're after is a Noonwraith.

Now turn your attention to the surviving houses, of which there are three. The western'most one contains a variety of loot, most of which is junk. Use the Aard Sign to clear some collapsed wooden beams so you can loot the south-eastern end of the house. In the central house lurks a pair of chests with better loot in it, notably Alchemical and Crafting Components. Finally head over to the eastern-most house. Under a wagon outside is a chest, and various sacks and chest with minor loot inside await near the door. Venture inside the house to find a small wooden chest in the main room, then turn north-west to find a larger chest against the wall. Near this chest you'll find a Yellowed Diary which, as Geralt suggests, might be useful.

Time for some reading. Enter your inventory and read the Yellowed Diary. Seems an over-bearing and cruel lord caused the former inhabitants of this area to settle here in the first place, and that a latter meeting with the lord-before which the journal ends-might have caused the Noonwraith to spawn. If our hunches are correct, this ghost might be attached to a certain bracelet... Next look at the bestiary entry for Noonwraiths, which if anything lends more weight to our suspicions.

It's time to search for more clues. Fortunately, we need not look far. Turn around and search the corner of the room opposite where we found the Yellowed Diary and use your Witcher Senses to highlight some remains, which Geralt identifies as the body of someone who was stabbed, and died on the spot. A blood trail leads away from the scene however. Follow it using your Witcher Senses, searching once near the corpse, and again near the door to get Geralt to deduce that our search will lead us to... you guessed it, the well. Search a rope tied to the well to make a ghastly discovery. It's no wonder this woman can't rest easily, and while what happened to her was regretable, she can't be allowed to haunt the living any longer. Her bracelet ties her to this world, and it looks like we'll have to hop down into the well to find it.

Hop down into the well-there's enough water to break your fall, don't worry-and dive [Square] to explore under the water. Use your Witcher senses to locate the bracelet, then surface by hold [Circle] once the Ornate Bracelet is in hand. Climb up onto a ledge to the north, then go down a tunnel to the east to find another pool of water. Dive on in and swim to the north-east until you reach another large chamber. Search to the west to find a submerged chest with a variety of goodies inside, including the formula for the Water Hag Decoction. Follow the bubbles and surface to get a breath of air, then swim down a tunnel to the east until you surace a small pond. Get more air, then search near the center of this pond, as there's another submerged chest worth looting. Geralt will suggest preparing for the Noonwraith, and it might not be bad advice. All you really need, however is the Yrden Sign and a Silver Sword.

Head south-west to return to the village. When you're ready to fight the Noonwraith, burn the body near the well and the Noonwraith will show up. Her attacks are pretty basic-dodge around and wait for her to leave herself open. Once in a while she'll vanish, blind you, and summon some decoys. She'll take much more damage when she's in the area of a Yrden spell, so cast it whenever you can and wait for her to engage you in the Yrden spell's area of effect. Using the Stong Style aggressively, then quickly dodging back works quite well. When she dies, loot her remains to gain some goodies. The drops are, of course, random (always including a Noonwraith Trophy, however). The Noonwraith Trophy will, when equipped, give you a 5% experience bonus from humans and nonhumans (quick, what's 5% of next-to-nothing?). You can also score a Noonwraith Mutagen if you're lucky, which will increase your Vitality by 50. Another useful item includes Emerald Dust, which can be used to craft a Viper Steel Sword.

Objective	Reward
For slaying the Noonwraith	XP 50
Return to Odolan and tell him the good news. Geralt's curiosity gets the best of him and he asks about the dead peasants around which the quests resolved. The local herbalist mentioned a Claer, and it's definitely something to keep in mind for later. Odolan will then offer to pay you-money that was meant for his daughter's dowry. His reasoning is simple-better she live to get married off with a lesser dowry than not live to get married at all. Either take the dowry (a whopping 20 Crowns) or be a nice guy and pass. Since you can pick a handful of flowers to get the same money, the latter seems nicer. Despite being a nice guy, Odolan won't leave a debt unpaid, and will give you an Amethyst for your trouble, which is worth over twice as much as the coin would have been. Sometimes, good deeds are rewarded.

Objective	Reward
For returning to Odolan after defeating the Noonwraith	50 XP
20+ Crowns or
Amethyst
The quest is done, but there's still more to do down south. Return to the Abandoned Village and take the road that exits the town to the east. Ignore the first smaller trail that branches off from this road and instead take the second one, which leads to an abandoned lakeside cottage, wherein you can score some loot. In particular, in a room to the south, between two beds, you'll find a chest that contains a Velen Longsword.

Abandoned Site
Leave the lakeside cottage and follow the larger road east until you find an "Abandoned Site" along the road. Abandoned, presumably, because of the Ghouls lurking around. Exterminate them and some Peasants will return to their shrine. Among these are a Herbalist, who will sell you a variety of goodies, including formula for White Gull, Dwarven Spirit, Grave Hag Decoction, Earth Elemental Decoction, and Nightwraith Decoction. The prices are, however, cumulatively steep. Also of note is the fact that he sells Saltpeter, which is an ingredient we need to make bombs. Buy yourself some Saltpeter, then make yourself a Samum bomb by going into your menu and picking the "Alchemy" sub-menu.

Objective	Reward
For clearing the Abandoned Site	XP 90
Note: Making a Samum bomb will add two of the devices to your inventory-the most you can have on you at any one time. Used bombs will be automatically replenished when you meditate by consuming various alcohol that might be in your inventory.

Place of Power
Before we get to those Monster Nests-and believe me, we will-head south-west of the Abandoned Site that's no longer quite so abandoned. You'll shortly come across another delicious Place of Power, which is guarded by a level 6 Bear. As intimidating as the black behemoth might seem, however, its attacks are predictable and pretty easy to dodge. Use the Quen Sign to absorb any accidents and perform the tried-and-true Strong Atack and dodge strategy until it's defeated. Once done, draw from the Place of Power and enjoy your extra ability point.

Monster Nests
There are two Monster Nests we can destroy now, and by doing so we can consider all the north-eastern part of the map more or less complete. First, and obviously is the one near the Place of Power by the battlefield. Simple enough, fast travel to Cackler Bridge, walk up to the nest (destroy any Ghouls who may have respawned in your absence) and with the Samum bombs equipped, simply walk up to the nest and press [X]. Walk away like a badass and let the nest explode, then loot the remains of the nest. The second nest is near where we began the game. Head south-east across the battlefield, through the ruined camp, and to the road beyond. From here continue south, pass over another, smaller road, and head downhill to find another Ghoul Nest (this is south-east of the Crossroads signpost). Eradicate any Ghouls and repeat the process above. Looting nests should earn you a Gold and Ruby Ring, which is worth a bit of coin, but can also be broken down into a Gold Nugget and a Ruby. All in all, it might be a better idea to hang onto them, in case you need to scrap them later.

Objective	Reward
For destroying a Ghoul Nest	20 XP
For destroying... another Ghoul Nest!	20 XP
Exploring Northern White Orchard
Return to White Orchard village, repair, sell, all that other fun stuff. When you're ready, it's time to set out again. This time we're going to be exploring the broad stretch of land north of White Orchard, across the river. To start out, head to the river north of town and, when you find a dock, dive in the river and swim up the river to the north-west. Keep your Witcher Senses active as you swim, and you should spot treasure in the water-one treasure chest under a fisherman in his boat, and two more chests as you swim up river, all possibly containing quality loot.

A Frying Pan, Spick and Span
Once you score the third chest, surface and turn south-west to spot a house on the shore. Swim to shore, loot the sacks on the smalldock nearby, then talk to the Old Woman standing outside. This is a mistake. The Old Woman goes off on a mighty tirade. Long story short, she needs you to break into her house and recover her pan.

Use Aard on the door then head inside. In the first room you'll find a number of containers to loot (including a chest in the corner which main contain a diagram, formula, or piece of equipment). Head north-west into the second room to discover a corpse-one of the two men the Old Woman mentioned earlier. Loot the room, including a chest lying on its side that might also yield worthwhile gear, then activate your Witcher Senses and search the Silver Monocle on the floor, then the corpse. head into the room to the south-west, activate your Witcher Senses, then search the stove to discover soem partially burned papers near an oven. Finally, loot a shelf then grab the pan the old lady keeps whining about. Geralt will notice that the pan-described as old and sooty-has been scraped clean by her guests, and the soot was used to make a crude ink. Leave the house and given the Old Woman her pan-and some advice. She'll decide one good turn deserves another, and give you a reward... such as she can afford.

Objective	Reward
For returning the Old Woman's pan	10 XP
Bread x5
Apple Juice x5
Baked Apple x5
Hidden Treasure
From the Old Woman's house follow the road running along the river to the north-west until you find a bridge leading north-east across the river. Be wary along this road, as Wolves prowl the wilderness west of the road, perhaps led by the odd Warg. Wolves are fast, like to attack in packs, and can present a somewhat difficult target. The best way to fight them is to keep your guard up, and when you block an attack, instantly counter with some Fast Attacks. Using Igni whenever you have the Stamina for it will also help shorten fights, and it provides some crowd control.

The situation isn't much better when you reach the bridge, which is likely crawling with Drowners. North of the bridge, on the western shore, you'll find the body of a soldier. Search it to obtain the Temerian Lily Key. Once this is in your possession, head into the water north of the bridge and dive to discover a chest, inside of which you'll find, amongst other loot, some Blood-soaked Military Orders. Grabbing the Military Orders starts the quest "Temerian Valuables", and reading them in your inventory will update the quest. You can also swim up the river a bit and nab some Buckthorn from the river bottom. You'll need this stuff later, but it doesn't hurt to grab it now. As if that's not enough, if you swim south of the bridge you can find more Buckthorn and another generous treasure chest-this chest isn't part of any quest, however. Just a reward for being diligent... and willing to get your feet (and everything else, for that matter) wet.

Temerian Valuables (level 4)
Cross the Bridge to the north-east, then follow the road until it branches off into many paths at the "Mills" signpost. Follow the road to the north-east, up a hill and under a wooden structure decorated with a deer skull. East of the road are some buildings worth exploring. The southern-most one-the mill-has a variety of containers around it that can be looted, at least, along the eastern and southern sides of the structure. Under a more modest, straw-roofed structure to the north-east you'll find a chest which may contain some exceptional loot.

The building further north-east is, at a glance, empty, but inside, along the south-eastern end of the house, you'll find some poorly concealed stairs leading down into a cellar. Head down the stairs and use your Aard Sign to coax a door open, then proceed beyond the debris to find no fewer than four chests waiting for some certain Witcher to loot them. Looting the chest furthest from the door (it glows red when using your Witcher Senses) requires the Temerian Lily Key we found earlier, and doing so will complete the quest "Temerian Valuables".

Place of Power
There's another, less interesting farm house build upon (and into, really) a hill to the north, but it has a door that's determined to keep us out, Aard be damned. There are a few sacks that can be looted out front, however. Return to the Mill signpost and follow a smaller road north to reach the White Orchard Cemetery. Pass a statue (probably of the goddess Melitele) to find a Place of Power in front of a modest chapel. As you approach you'll be attacked by a Wraith. This incorporeal critter likes to teleport around and attempts to score cheap shots while doing so-keep Quen up to deflect the lucky hits it may land, and dodge to keep these to a minimum. When it leaves itself open, respond with a Strong Attack. Once its health is reduces to around 50% it'll vanish. Jerk. Draw from the Place of Power to gain another ability point, then head over to the chapel.

Guarded Treasure
Search near the door with your Witcher Senses to spot some odd hand prints. Hmm... Strange. Blast the door open with Aard and head inside. So much for subtlety. Go down some stairs and through an open gate door and our friendly Wraith from earlier will appear, still wounded. Same thing as before, except in an enclosed space, it might be somewhat more difficult to dodge. Once the Wraith is dead, let the sweet, sweet looting begin. To the east you'll find two corpses to loot, one of which presumably belongs to the Witcher we read about in the "Interrogation Report" who was falsely accused and chose a trial by combat. Seems he didn't fare so well against the Wraith. To our gain, though, he had on him a "Letter From Witcher Kolgrim of the Viper School" and the Diagram: Serpentine Silver Sword. Like the Serpentine Steel Sword, this Silver Sword is likely a nice upgrade over what we're currently using. Alas, it too requires Emerald Dust, which is quite expensive, but it can be purchased from Willis. To the north, against a wall, you'll find a chest containing some nice loot, and nearby another corpse is resting against a pillar.

Leave the crypt, the chapel, then the cemetery entirely, heading north until you find a road running... more or less east-west. Travel west until you spot some hanged corpses north of the road, which mark the edge of a Nilgaardian camp further north. More of that Nilfgaardian "civilization" it seems. The camp is occupied by a few soldiers, but more importantly, it's got some loot. Of course, this stuff doesn't belong to you, and unlike peasants, the soldiers will get angry if they see you molesting their goods. Most of the stuff isn't worth bothering with, but behind one of the tents is a chest full of quality loot, including the Diagram: Exploding Bolt. Just wait until there aren't any soldiers who can see you, and loot the chest (you'll get a warning if you're spotted, which gives you a chance to back out.) Before you get cute, these guards tend to be around level 15. Yes, that means any common Nilfgaardian Soldiers is more than a match for a century-old legendary Witcher. It makes no sense, but that's how sequels are...

Monster Nest/Place of Power
From the Nilgaardian camp head north-east into the wood. Eventually you should come across a number of out-of-place standing stones, in the midst of which is a Place of Power... and as near the battlefield, a Ghoul's Nest is nearby. Maybe Ghouls like nesting near Places of Power? Or maybe Places of Power like springing up near Ghoul Nests? No, that's stupid... Anyways, kill the Ghouls, plant a bomb, blow it up, loot the nest, and gain your Ability Point from the Place of Power.

Objective	Reward
For destroying yet another Ghoul Nest	20 XP
Note: Occasionally, when you go to blow up the nest, more Ghouls will appear to defend it. Killing these reinforcements will earn you 75 experience.

Hidden Treasure
Return back south to the house near the mill (the one where the treasure from the quest "Temerian Valuables" was located) and from this house head north-east into the wilderness. Eventually you should come across a campsite-Nilfgaardian, by the look of the shields lying around. Now, however, all you'll find here are a pack of Wolves and maybe some Wild Dogs. Try to avoid fighting them all at once, and when they're slain, loot the camp. There are plenty of sacks and barrels to loot, but the real prize is the chest in the tent. Inside, amongst various quality loot, you'll find some "Scrawled Notes". Picking them up starts the quest "Dirty Funds", and reading them updates it. Just so happens the Bandit Camp mentioned in these notes are east of here. Well, it would be a shame not to follow up on this information...



White Orchard (Continued)
Hidden Treasure
First, however, head north-east from this camp to find... another camp with Hidden Treasure! Along the way you might encounter more Wolves and other doggies, and the camp itself is likely crawling with more of them. When the mutts have been chased off, search the campsite. Seems like somebody came out for a little star-gazing, but was overwhelmed by the local wild-life. Loot the sacks outside of the tent, then turn your attention to the goodies inside. In a crate you'll find the letter "Spy's Notes" which describes the treasure we looted in the quest "Temerian Valuables".

Dirty Funds (level 2)
Head south-east until you find some towering cliffs, upon which our destination lies. Make your way south to reach the western end of the cliffs to find a navigable way up to the top. Deserters, however, might object to you simply walking in and ransacking their hideout. Dispatch the first two you meet, then continue uphill to find another four, including a higher-level deserter who has a shield. Save him for last and exterminate his support. When only the shield-bearer remains, you'll have to find a way to get around his shield. You can either blast him with Aard to stun him, then get around him for a few quick hits, or just parry hit attacks. Once they're dead, let the looting begin!

Near the beginning of the hideout you'll find a tent near a campfire, near which you'll find assorted sacks, parcels, and barrels to loot. Further uphill under another tent are even more sacks and parcels. North-east of here, near where the shield-bearer and his buddies where, you'll find a somewhat sturdier, more lavish tent, outside of which are some crates, a barrel, and another package. Inside the tent you'll find three chests-two large chests near a bed, and a smaller chest in a corner. When the smaller chest is looted, the quest "Dirty Funds" will be completed. On a cabinet to the north-west you'll find a "Soaked Letter" addressed to Velerad, the mayor of Vizima back when Vizima had a king.

Exploring Western White Orchard
Only one more bit of exploration to do before we finally go pay the Nilfgaardians a visit. Return to White Orchard village and do what business you need to do, then follow the large road through White Orchard village, heading west (and slightly south). Pass the Notice Board, the remains of Willis' shop, and past Odolan's house to the north. It should be pretty easy to stay on the main road and avoid any detours onto side-roads. Keep going south-west until you spot another house north of the road, wherein you can score some treasure.

Get back on the larger road heading south-west and continue to follow it in that direction into you spot a small trail veering off in a more radical south-western direction, which ends near a ruined house. Inside are two bodies for you to loot. Do so, then return to the larger road again. Carry on until you spot a Nilfgaardian camp south of the road, although this one is tastefully not adorned with hanged corpse decorations. There are more items to loot here, but again, you'll have to be careful not to let the guard see you. They're more vigilant here, so you might not be able to get everything.

Note: In between this camp and the "Broken Bridge" signpost you might encounter Nekkers, weak little burrowing critters that tend to hunt in packs.

Abandoned Site
When you're done looting, return to the road again. This time our aim is to follow one of two other large roads to the north that connect to the one we were on... and with each other, forming a triangle on your map. These roads, once joined, lead north to the "Sawmill" signpost. West of this signpost is another Abandoned Site currently occupied by a quartet of Ghouls. Kill them and some villagers will move in to the area, even being so kind as to set up a Grindstone for you to use.

Loot the newly-inhabited houses and the nearby stable. There are even a few beehives around. The bees will sting you if you get too close, of course, and they can do a fair bit of damage (again, piling on the absurdity). Use Igni on the hive to kill the bees and cause the hive to fall to the ground, which you can loot for Honeycomb. Don't sell any of this yet, as the herbalist-when we can finally talk to her-will give you a pretty penny for them. Last and not least, a new merchant will show up here sooner or later. He doesn't sell anything earth-shatteringly good, but it's another place you can drop off excess loot for some much-needed Crowns.

Objective	Reward
For liberating the Abandoned Site	90 XP
Bandit Camp
From the formerly-Abandoned Site head north through the wilderness, perhaps stopping to hunt game and fight off some Wolves. Eventually you'll find a Bandit Camp, occupied by the weak collection of bandits that we're used to. Defeat them, then search around their camp for goodies-most of which is located around the tent. The best loot can be found in a parcel behind the tent, and in a chest beside a cot.

Guarded Treasure
To the north is a swamp, where we'll likely face the old hazard of Drowners, and a new hazard-explosive swamp gas. The latter can be used, in conjunction with the Igni Sign, to help deal with the former, if you're sneaky like that. Just be wary-swamp gas is wonderfully combustible, but it's also poisonous. North-west of the Bandit Camp you'll find some Guarded Treasure, constituting a dead soldier, his horse, and a treasure chest lying in the muck. Dispatch any Drowners guarding it and get to looting.

Note: Stay out of the swamp at night, as it'll be crawling with Drowners. Unless you want to fight a bunch of Drowners, of course. In which case... head into the swamp at night! They're some of the few critters that give experience worth mentioning, and it's really the only way to grind at this point in time. You may also find Water Hags in the swamp. They're rare, but not terribly difficult to kill.

Precious Cargo
Travel east through the swamp and, eventually, you should come to a road running more or less north-south. Follow it south and out of the swamp until you hear somebody calling for you east of the road. Head over there to find a merchant sitting by a campfire. Ask him what's wrong and he'll vaguely babble about some monsters in the swamp. Geralt, annoyed, sets him straight and the merchant will tell a slightly more coherent story. Apparently his horse was devoured by some sight-unseen swamp monster, and he wants us to go find his good... or at least a "little box" that seems to be particularly important to him. Agree to help him, then... well, head back north into the swamp (after tracking the quest in your journal of course).

The site of the attack is only a short ways to the north, just follow the road and keep your Witcher Senses up. You should spot some cart tracks running off the road and into the swamp. Investigate them, loot a nearby sack, then veer north-west into the swamp. Near the center of the new search area, just west of a sunken brick building, you'll find the wagon, the dead horse, and the cargo. Check the horse and the cart to observe that they've been shot with arrows-not too many monsters use arrows-then loot the cart. Continue looking around with your Witcher Senses to spot a body to the east, also the victim of arrow fire. Geralt comes to the only logical conclusion-our "merchant" friend lied to us. The box we're looking for is just north of the wreckage. Pick up the "Locked Strongbox" and return to the "merchant".

You can simply give the faker his box back, which ends the quest, but it's more interesting to chase him down and find out what all the lies (not to mention the arrows) were about. Take him to task for lying and he'll pull the old "look out behind you!" gag. Sadly, he doesn't realize that a Witcher's senses are too acute for that nonsense. Instead of coming clean, however, he rides off.

Objective	Reward
For returning the box	25 XP
20 Crowns
Mount Roach, who will have appeared nearby, and chase the liar south along the road. Roach is faster than his horse, so you shouldn't have any trouble catching him. Once you do, swat him with your sword to dismount him. After he recovers he'll spill the beans-he's a former Temerian soldier now fighting the Nilfgaardians. The box contains medicine that might save some lives. You now have three choices-turn him into the Nilfgaardians, let him go help the rebels, or free him, but keep the medicine. It's a good time to take a stance on the issue... A Witcher is supposed to remain neutral, and it's not really our job to round up criminals, nor help rebellions. Geralt is a Nordling himself, however, and it's hard to see how keeping the medicine will help anybody.

Objective	Reward
For turning the rebel into the Nilfgaardians	10 XP
30 Crowns
For letting the rebel take the medicine	10 XP
30 Crowns
For keeping the medicine	10 XP
50 Crowns
Celandine x5
Place of Power
You're now south of the Sawmill signpost, and all the fun stuff we have left to do is back north. So... hoof it back north (figuratively or literally, your call). Our next destination is between the two roads that run north-south through the swamp, east of the Bandit Camp we cleared out earlier. It's worth exploring the lightly forested hills between the two roads, however, as they contain herbs to harvest, Wolves and Wargs to kill, and beehives to burn. The place of interest here, however, is the Place of Power whose location was previously disclosed. It's guarded by a level six Wraith, however, but we've defeated a stronger Wraith earlier, so this should be no trouble. You might want to consider saving before you fight it, as it has a chance to drop Emerald Dust. Getting a dose of this will allow us to upgrade one of our swords (preferably the Silver Sword) and save us 500 or so Orens in the process. In any event, draw from the Place of Power.

Guarded Treasure
Head over to the eastern of the two roads that run up through the swamp and... well, run up through the swamp. Along this eastern road you'll find a "Guarded Treasure" event. You know the drill-several Drowners are guarding some loot (or perhaps some Wolves...) Kill them and take what's yours.

Spoils of War
Continue north-west along the road until you head under a brick arch. After the arch veer off to the north-east and go for a swim to the east to find the "Spoils of War" event. Near a wrecked boat that's somehow still floating take a dive to find some treasure near another, less floaty boat.

The Beast of White Orchard
All the optional quests are done for now, so it's finally time to go pay the Nilfgaardians a visit. Fortunately, they're nearby, just swim back west and head to the northern part of the island to find the Nilfgaardian Garrison signpost. From here head up several flights of wooden stairs and you'll be accosted by a pair of soldiers. Geralt and them will exchange banter. When Geralt mentions he's a Witcher, however, their disposition changes, and they tell you to head on it. There's only one reason for this... seems like the Nilfgaardians need a Witcher.

First, however... if you're feeling adventurous turn north-west and head onto a wooden bridge. Run to the end and you'll discover that... well, the bridge is out of commission. Still, a good jump will get you to the far side, where a lootable chest and some other containers await. Just remember, as far as loot around Nilfgaardians is concerned, a "no-touching or we'll murder you" rule prevails. The stuff on the far side of the bridge is safe enough, however.

Head past the guards and into the garrison. There are plenty of Nilfs around, but surprisingly little to do here. You can loot herbs freely, but you need to be careful with anything else. Head to the west to find a Grindstone, with which you can enhance your weapons. Nearby you'll find a Quartermaster (marked on your map as a Blacksmith). If you talk to him, he'll ask for a password, and when Geralt admits to not knowing one, he'll get cheeky. Geralt retorts with a barb of his own, and the Quartermaster decides you're alright. He doesn't sell much that Willis doesn't, but he can craft weapons for you, unlike Willis. If you have some Emerald Dust, it might be worthwhile to craft the Viper Silver Sword. It's a decent upgrade, and well worth the 72 Crowns it costs to craft.

Once you're done with the Quartermaster, head up the nearby stairs and into the tower. Here you'll find the commanding officer negotiating with a peasant. He shows a more compassionate face of Nilfgaard, but one should keep in mind that all those corpses probably didn't end up hanging themselve or impaling themselves on spikes without his knowledge.

When he turns his attention to you, respond to him however you wish. Geralt will ask about Yennefer and the Nilfgaardian's angle becomes clear-in exchange for information about Yennefer, he wants you to kill the Griffin, something he's already tried to do-and failed at. Half-measures haven't work, and he can either keep his garrison around to watch over the Temerians, who are primed to rebel at any moment, or he can send the garrison to hunt the Griffin. Given those options, he decided to do the former, but now that there's a profession monster-slayer in the area... Accept his offer and Geralt will ask some job-related questions. The takeaway from these is that Geralt needs to question one Mislav-the hunter who found the men the Nilfgaardian sent to kill the Griffin earlier, and Tomira, an herbalist.

Note: If you discovered the Griffin's nest on your own, you won't have to bother with Mislav, and if you already acquired Buckthorn you won't need to see the Herbalist. You will, however, need to return to the Griffin's nest and investigate it.

On Death's Bed
Head out of the garrison and use the "Nilfgaardian Garrison" signpost to fast travel to the "Sawmill" signpost. From here, head east over a hill to find the herbalist's house, which we can now enter. Unsurprisingly, there's a fair amount of herbs to loot outside. Take what you wish, then head inside.

Talk to Tomira and ask about her past to find out that she studied under one Nenneke, until a boy-and a related summer of passion-ruined all that. Next ask her about Claer, and the she will tell the story about what happened there. Not really anything we didn't already know, but to prevent things from ending on a bad note, she gives us some goodies. If you haven't already harvested it, you can also ask Tomira about the Buckthorn you'll need to serve as bait for the Griffin.

Objective	Reward
For asking Tomira about Claer	10 XP
Saltpeter x4
Berbercane Fruit x8
Hellebore Petals x8
Corinarius x6
Ask about the injured woman and she'll confirm that she's another victim of the Griffin. The victim is terminal, and beyond the herbalist's power... but perhaps not beyond a Witcher's potions. The risks are serious, however, as... well, there's a reason the Witchers go through the training they do. Those mutations aren't just to increase their reaction times-it also allows them to withstand their own potions. Offer to help her and the herbalist will point out the obvious-she's dead either way. The choices are between an easy death at the hands of the herbalist, an agonizing death under the influence of a Witcher's potion, or possibly, a full recovery.

Exit the conversation, then prepare a Swallow potion via your Alchemy menu. We should have more than enough ingredients for this by now. Once done, talk to Tomira again and pick the option "Got a potion for Lena." We won't see the outcome, as the potion will take longer to affect a normal human, but the rewards are immediate. Tomira decides she likes us, and decides to give us a reward. For giving a damn. It's a pretty hefty reward, too. Reading the book she gives you will update the bestiary with an entry on Nightwraiths and Plague Maidens. Score.

Objective	Reward
For giving a damn	350 XP
50 Crowns
Venom Extract x2
Manuscript Page: Cursed Oil
Of Sweat and Blood
Finally... as an herbalist, she sells herbs. Amazing, right? She also sells formula for White Gull and Troll Decoction, should you need them. Sadly, she won't give us a good deal on herbs we wish to sell, but she will pay 18 Crowns per Honeycomb. If you were diligent about searching for it, earlier, you could have a couple dozen of them, which will solve our money issues for a while... even if you have to rest a bit to get her to replenish her cash.

Hunting With Mislav
Now it's time to check in with Mislav, whose house is outside (south-west of) the village of White Orchard, just south of Odolan's house. Knock on the door and Geralt will come to the conclusion that the hunter must be out hunting... which seems perfectly reasonable. Use your Witcher Senses to spot some tracks east of the dooor, then follow the meandering path south to find Mislav, who is crouched over, possibly tracking some beastie?

Interrupt him and, after shushing you, he'll proceed to tell you why Wild Dogs are more dangerous than Wolves, in his silly opinion. Ask him to lead you to where he found the Nilfs and he'll agree... after he kills the Wild Dogs, who might pose a danger to the village. He'll then ask us to join him, and... well, it would be a shame if he were to die hunting dogs, so... agree to help him.

Follow Mislav on his crusade and he'll continue to bad-mouth dogs as you walk. Eventually you'll stumble across a pack of Wild Dogs, who make all dog-kind look bad by preying on a human. Kill the doggies and Mislav will investigate the body, which belongs to a man he once knew. Ask him about his past if you want to know exactly why Mislav lives outside of the village.

Objective	Reward
For hunting with Mislav	350 XP
Next stop is the site where the Nilfs died, which Mislav will lead us to. It's a bit of a jog to the south west, on the road south-west of his house. Once we get there Mislav will describe the scene, then wish us luck. Activate your Witcher Senses, then investigate the remains of a campfire, the blood, and some bottles, then continue down the road a bit and examine some tracks-older, deeper tracks. Follow the tracks south-west, past the "Broken Bridge" signpost, then over the broken bridge itself. The tracks will veer off the road to the south, uphill, over a few stone ledges, and across another gap you have to jump. Keep heading uphill to find the Griffin's nest.

Use your Witcher Senses to highlight the dead Griffin and the nest, and search them, examining the dead Griffin's wounds, determine its age, and its type. All the signs point towards humans being the culprits, and the surviving Griffin-a male whose life-mate was murdered-might just be justified in its rampage. You can also examine a dead body and some bones nearby to learn more. Loot the skeletons in the nest, then a corpse sitting up against a tree before returning to Vesemir in the tavern in White Orchard.

Objective	Reward
For examining the Griffin	500 XP
Battling the Beast
Return to the tavern to find that Vesemir has decided to play outside. He also seems to have cleaned up his armor (and presumably mended his wound) while we were out busy doing ALL THE WORK. Ahem. Tell him about the Griffin contract, and he'll show off his perceptivness. Tell him you have both the Buckthorn and the information and, after Vesemir makes fun of you and amateur monster hunters both, he'll say he's ready to go. Pick the dialogue option "Time to set the trap" and Vesemir will tell you about an ambush location he picked out-maybe the old man has been busy after all? He'll give you the formula for the Thunderbolt potion then run off to the ambush location.

Objective	Reward
For telling Vesemir you're ready to hunt the Griffin	Formula: Thunderbolt
Now is as fine a time as any to prepare potions, if you think you'll need them. With a level three Witcher and an upgraded Viper Silver Sword, however, we should be fine. Head over to where Vesemir went (north of the island east of White Orchard) and talk to him. Tell him you're ready and Vesemir will apply the Buckthorn bait to a sheep decoy, and the two Witchers will settle down in the brush to chat while they wait.

The Griffin will show up eventually, and the two Witchers will move to attack. Before things get violent, however, Vesemir hands you a crossbow he won in a card game, which might just come in handy. Chastise Vesemir about his gambling and he'll change the subject... after all, we do have a Griffin to kill.

Despite what Vesemir says about the crossbow, it's really not of much use. Keep an eye on the beast when it flies, and if it comes down to attack, simply dodge out of the way. It'll land to melee you once in a while, which is when you'll be able to damage it. Keep the Quen Sign up to deflect hits, and dodge its attacks until it flies off. Summon Roach and chase the critter up to near the mill and finish it off. It's a little more aggressive now that it's been injured, but Quen and a Silver Sword are just too much for it. Once it's dead, Vesemir will lecture you on your swordsmanship. Yeah, yeah... when he leaves, cut yourself off a trophy. The Nilfgaardians should be pleased. From the Griffin's corpse you'll score a Griffin Trophy and a Griffin Mutagen, amongst other things.

Return to the Nilfgaardin Garrison where you'll see the normally flexible commander punish a peasant for delivering the grain he was ordered to bring earlier. Unfortunatley for the peasant, he brought rotten stores. You can give the officer a hard time, for what that's worth. Tell him you've killed the Griffin, and he'll tell you that Yennefer was, in fact, close by the whole time, in the capital city of Vizima-a place Geralt knows well. Geralt will get pissy about not being told how close Yennefer was, and as he turns to leave the commander will call out to him and offer fair payment for his services. Take the money or not, as you wish.

Objective	Reward
For taking the payment	300 XP
150 Crowns
For turning down the reward	500 XP
We should now be done with White Orchard. You still have time, however, to finish up any quests you wish. When you're ready to leave return to the tavern to collect old man Vesemir. Vesemir smells trouble brewing-drunken patriots nearby just waiting for something to trigger them. That trigger occurs when a patron asks the innkeeper what happened to the lillies. The situation escalates into an argument between the innkeeper and her patron. Vesemir, despite his own advice, interferes when things turn violent, and despite his warnings, a fight breaks out. Slaughter your assailants, then leave the tavern.

Once outside, Geralt and Vesemir will be confronted by Nilfgaardians. Fortunately, they also have Yennefer in tow. Seems like we could have just sat around and waited for her. Oh well. Yennefer promises us an explanation... once we reach Vizima. It's not just Yennefer who wants to talk to you in Vizima, however-Emhyr var Emreis, the Emperor of Nilfgaard himself awaits us. Vesemir and Geralt will say their farwells, and Geralt will head off to Vizima, with Yennefer and an escort of Nilfgaardians.

Objective	Reward
For reuniting with Yennefer	300 XP

Imperial Audience
We return to our hero getting another bath. A much-needed one this time, certainly. Geralt will be subjected to other Nilfgaardian scruples on cleanliness, including a shave. A ranking Nilfgaardian named Morvran Voorhis will interrupt, and decide a shave is a fine time to ask about your past... namely the choices you made in the last game. As this might not be familiar to everybody, it's probably best to discuss these questions in a bit of detail. Background on the questions will be provided, but the actual choice will be left up to you.

The fate of Aryan La Valette
Aryan was the son of Mary Louisa La Valette, a Termeria nobel who rose up against Foltest. He was the half-brother of Foltest's twins with Maria. At the time Geralt was serving Foltest, owing his position of prominence to both Triss' influence as Foltest's advisor, and to thwarting an assassination attempt on Foltest earlier. During the siege of La Valette castle, Geralt encountered the brash young noble, and could have either slain him and his troops, defeated Aryan in single combat, or convinced the youth not to throw his life away. If the latter course was chosen, Aryan and Geralt helped one another escape from the La Valette castle dungeon. Thought to have perished in a fire at the castle, Aryan had actually set out to find his missing siblings, and heirs to the throne of Temeria.

How did you reach Vergen?
The big choice at the end of chapter one, you could either side with Iorveth, an elven rebel and leader of the Scoia'tael who helped Foltest's murderer or Vernon Roche, leader of Foltest's "blue stripes" special forces, who sought both the Scoia'tael and the kingslayer. If you sided with Iorveth, you ended up on the nonhuman side of a conflict between Aedirn and Kaedwen. If you sided with Vernon you found yourself at the service of King Henselt of Kaedwen.

Did you rescue Triss, or Anais/Saskia?
Depending on the choice you made earlier, at the summit at Loc Muinne, did you rescue Triss (who was kidnapped by Nilfgaardians) or did you either help Iorveth lift a curse on Saskia (leader of the Aedirnian rebels and high dragon in disguise) or help Vernon rescue Anais (Foltest's surviving daughter and heir). If you saved Triss, Anais died and Temeria was split between Redania and Kaedwen, or Saskia either had to be slain, or was spared, but remained under magical control. Otherwise, you could have rescued Saskia and freed her from magical control, or if you saved Anais, you could choose to give her to Radovid (king of Redania) at which point Temeria became a protectorate of Redania, or given her to the Temerians, which allowed Temeria to remain independent... for all the good that did in the long run.

Sile de Tansarville's Fate?
Sile de Tansarville was one of the sorceress conspirators that set the events of The Witcher 2 in motion, and Geralt-and all the north-suffered for their schemes. At the summit at Loc Muinne, Letho-the Kingslayer-sabotaged Sile's megascope. Geralt had the option to put old grudges aside and save Sile, or let the sabotage kill her in dramatic fashion.

What happened to Letho?
Letho, the Kingslayer, murdered Foltest and Demavend, and allowed the murder of the former to be pinned on Geralt. He was ultimately working for Nilfgaard, and Geralt chased him to Loc Muinne, where he could either have let Letho go, or killed him in single combat. Letho's life had once been saved by Geralt, and despite their political animosity, Letho returns the favor later on. His motivation for serving Nilfgaard was the promise of the resources to restore the Viper School of Witchers.

Make your choices, sign on the dotted line, then pick out your choice of outfit... after you loot the area, of course. Plenty of books to be obtained and read at your leisure. Grab an outfit (or all three!) then talk to the chamberlain when you're ready to proceed with the meeting. After some bowing lessons, follow the chamberlain out of the room, as he continues to lecture you on proper etiquette.

Shortly you'll reach your destination. If you were expecting a huge audience chamber, or something elegant... well, that's not the case. Choose to bow when prompted-or refuse. Either way, the emperor will send everyone else away to talk to you one-on-one. His demand of you is simple-his daughter Cirrila, has appeared again, and she's being persued by the Wild Hunt. You are to find her, and bring her back to Emhyr. The story between the parties involved is complicted, but to put it simply-Geralt once saved Emhyr in his youth, while in exile, when he went by the name Duny. The price for Geralt's aid was Ciri, who was brought up to be a Witcher. Geralt, too has been persued recently by the King of the Wild Hunt, and given our incident outside of Vizima, it doesn't appear this pursuit has ended. Finding Ciri might help discover why the Wild Hunt is chasing us... and one doesn't really say "no" to the Emperor of Nilfgaard.

Respond how you wish, as long as it's in the affirmative, then the audience will be ended by Emhyr, who summons his chamberlain to escort you to Yennefer. Follow him through the throne room, where workers are busy destroying the lilies on the floor. You can stop along the way and bother Voorhis to find out if he knew why you were called to
talk to the Emperor, he seemingly does not know. Then pass through a garden, where the chamberlain will leave you to your own devices. Go through a nearby door and loot the rooms beyond.

Go into a room to the North to find Yennefer, who teases you about your apparel before talking business-in this case, business means Ciri. The Wild Hunt is on to Yennefer, and she can't risk using more magic to track her down. You need to track down Ciri, before the Wild Hunt finds her. There are two places to search-Velen, being the most likely, and Novigrad, where Triss Merigold resides. Yennefer herself will investigate a magical incident she believes is tied to Ciri in the Skellige Isles. With that, Yennefer will advise you to speak to Ambassador var Attre to learn about what's been going on in the world before you leave, then she'll teleport away after an awkward farewell kiss.

Loot Yennefer's room, especially taking time to score a chest in a cubby to the west, then take her up on her advice and talk to the ambassador, who is standing by a fire in the room to the south. Ask him about how the war with Radovid is going, then get caught up on the game's three main areas-Velen, Novigrad, and Skellige. A Bloody Baron in Velen, the Eternal Fire cult causing pogroms against nonhumans and mages in Novigrad, and in Skellige... well, Skellige kind of sucks. Still, the other two seem trouble enough.
Leave these rooms and return to the garden, where you can talk to the chamberlain to get your gear back, which he had the audacity to freshen up! With one last warning not to keep Emhyr waiting, he'll leave you to your own devices. There's surprisingly little left to do here-there's some more minor loot to be had if you look around, and you can play Gwent with a Nilfgaardian Nobleman, but his cards are so strong you're just throwing away Crowns.

While you are in the garden, use your Witcher Senses to discover a block that you can "Use" across from the door to Yennefer's chambers. Pushing in the block will open a secret room to the left containing: Enhanced saddle and Old Letter. Read the Old Letter for some information about Adda.

Note: Throughout White Orchard, your level and the quest levels remained about the same. For this latter part of the game the world opens up and there is a lot more to do. Quest experience is based on your level. Most of the rewards recorded are for having your level within 5 or so levels of the quest level. If an experience reward is not listed or says "Varies," it means the contributors of this guide were not within that range. Quest levels will be listed from here on out.

Velen
Geralt arrives at Velen to discover that the "Hanged Man's Tree" lives up to its name. This area is the front lines in the war between Redania and Nilfgaard, with the Pontar River serving as the major geographical feature separating the two hostile forces. Atrocities are, unfortunately, to be expected in such a situation.

Go into your menu and take a peek at your map, and one thing should become abundantly clear-this are is on an entirely different scale than White Orchard was. It's different in another regard, as well: Enemy levels will vary quite a bit more here than in White Orchard. In the fields near Hanged Man's Tree you can find Wild Dogs (level one) that might lull you into a false sense of security. A short distance north can encounter Nekkers (level six). Still not too bad. Further north, by the shore, you can expect to start running into Endrega (levels nine and eleven, for workers and warriors, respectively), and Drowners (also level nine). As a level four Witcher with a Viper Silver Sword, these kinds of critters are at the limit of our powers. Further east along some swamp island you might encounter a level twenty Water Hag.

Simply put, the old geographical/clear everything in the area approach we used in White Orchard won't work here. We'll have to pick and choose our targets as we can handle them, even if it means a bit of back-tracking.

Crossing the Pontar
As you've probably noticed, there are a couple of large cities in the area, namely Novigrad to the north, and Oxenfurt to the east. Unfortunately, if you try to head there on foot, and cross the bridges like a good, civilized Witcher, you'll find that access is being restricted by the Redanians. There are a number of reasons why we'd want to get into these cities before we have to head here for story purposes. Access to more diverse merchants, Journeyman rank Blacksmiths and Armorers, and more Gwent players being on the top of that list of reasons. So how to get there?

The first and easiest way to get there is by simply swimming. Yeah, access is restricted, and nobody in their right minds would swim through often-polluted city waters. Witchers who are immune to disease, however, are less bothered. Of course, there are quests we can do to gain access, and since they'll end up with us scoring loot and experience, it's not a bad idea to try and get into these cities through legitimate means. Well... perhaps legitimate isn't the correct word...

Start things out by heading along the road north of the "Hanged Man's Tree" signpost. Ignore the first road to the west (unless you want to score some extra loot and experience, in which case see the "Monster Den" section, below), then when you come to another fork, continue north-west to reach a small camp (another map marker can be cleared along the way here, see the "Person(s) in Distress" section below). A battlefield sprawls to the south, while to the north is a bridge that leads to a small island, an island that's been garrisoned by the Redanians. North of this is a larger island south of Novigrad. For all intents and purposes, however, getting over the Pontar will give us access to Novigrad.

Monster Den (level 6)
There are a few things we can do along the way, if you're feeling adventurous. First, while heading north from the "Hanged Man's Tree" signpost, take the first road to the west. It'll turn south-west soon enough, and eventually head past a cave, outside of which lurk several Nekkers (level six). You may have encountered Nekkers in White Orchard. They're small, weak, and they like to attack in packs-not really much strategy involved, considering you can knock them out of attacks with even fast attacks, aggressive play works fine, just try to not get surrounded. Exterminate the pests, then loot a chest west of the cave entrance, then climb some scaffolding to the north of the cave to score another chest. Further south, in a chasm bridged by a decrepit wooden construction, you'll find more goodies to loot.

Head into the cave and go down a tunnel that loops around counter-clockwise. Make sure to loot a cubby to the north as you go, as it has a pair of crates and a chest with the Diagram: Superior Ursine Armor, Diagram: Superior Ursine Gauntlets, Diagram: Superior Ursine Trousers, and the Diagram: Superior Ursine Boots in it. Score. It's a high-level set (level 27), and we'll need to find its lesser "Enhanced" version before we can craft it... but better to have it than not.

Keep heading down the tunnel until you reach a large chamber occupied by more Nekkers. Smite them, then loot a chest along the northern end of the room, then climb onto a wooden structure and loot another chest above the last one with some decent loot in both. In a cubby to the east you'll find another chest worth searching.

Bandit Camp (level 10)
Don't let the level scare you off-with a little patience, this map marker is easy enough to clear. It lies north and slightly east of the Monster Den, above, but it's also close to the road we were traveling along. You'll probably spot some mounted Bandits (level seven) before encountering any of the stronger Bandits on foot (levels nine and ten). Kill the mounted Bandits first, either by slasing them as they ride by (using Quen to negate their attacks) or by using Aard to knock them off their horses, and performing a coup-de-grace while they're on the ground.

Once done, head to the map marker where you'll find stronger Bandits on foot. A combination of ripostes, strong attacks, and either Aard or Quen will see you to victory, just as long as you're patient. They're not fast or powerful enough to be really dangerous, despite their levels. Once they're dead, loot the Bandit Chief (who had a shield) for a Cage Key, then head over to the cage where you'll find a poor, imprisoned merchant. Free him and he'll tell you he's heading to the camp near the Pontar (near out own destination, to the north-west), where he'll happily sell you junk you don't need. Be sure to pick up the note "Unsent Letter" where the Bandit Chief gleefully laid out his plans to spend the ill-gotten gain and show up his nagging wife. Right. Head north from the cage to find some containers to search, including a chest which can contain exceptional items. Once done, head north to find the road and follow it north-west, through a battlefield camp, then over a bridge.

Thou Shall Not Pass (Level 7)
As you head across the bridge, however, you'll be accosted by Redanians, who inform you that the bridge is closed to all who don't have a pass. Inquire further and you'll find out that the Redanians aren't too friendly to Witchers, and according to the report we got back in Vizima, this includes all nonhumans, magic-users, and other "deviants". Either bribe him (ten Crowns) or use the Axii Sign to get more information-we'll either need to find a royal official, or failing that, buy one off the black market. This starts the quest "Thou Shall Not Pass".

Note: Bribing people will earn you one experience point per ten Crowns spent. Not really a great way to earn experience, but it's worth nothing. It will not be included in the quest rewards.

Objective	Reward
For using the Axii Sign on the Redanian Soldier	25 XP
Fake Papers
Return to the camp south of the Redanian fort and look around for a "Shady Merchant". Talk to him and he'll offer to sell you a pass for the low, low price of 100 Crowns. Okay, that's not so low. That kind of sucks. Either pay him for your pass, use the Axii Sign (requires Delusion level one) to get a discounted price of 50 Orens, or play the cheapskate. In the latter case, he'll offer you a discount if you do a little job for him-his brother-in-law is busy looting the battlefield to the south, but like all scenes of slaughter, it's drawn Necrophages. Guard his brother and he'll give you a discount. This starts the quest "Bitter Harvest". Since the latter is worth some Crowns and experience, there's no reason we shouldn't lend a hand.

Objective	Reward
For using the Axii Sign on the Shady Merchant	40 XP

Bitter Harvest (level 9)
Head down to the battlefield and search for a man named Albin Hart-you may have to dispatch a few Ghouls (level nine) before you can talk to him. Once you do, you'll find that he's pretty straight-forward. He'll offer to pay you to get rid of the Necrophages around here. Agree, then head south and wait for your prey to arrive. Fight off several waves of Necrophages, including two waves of three Ghouls (level seven) then a group including a Rotfiend (level eight) and two Ghouls, then finally another group of three Ghouls. You have to be diligent on this quest, as the Necrophages are shameless about going after Albin Hart and his subordinates.

After the Necrophages are dead, talk to one of the survivors-preferably Albin Hart. Depending on how many people survived you'll get 20, 50, 70, or 100 Crowns, and 50 experience. Return to the Shady Merchant and tell him the good news, which will prompt him to lower the price of the pass to 25 Orens. If Albin died, he'll decide to be a jerk an refuse to sell you the pass, even though you can use the Axii Sign on him and go through the motions (complete with experience) but you won't get a pass.

If you failed to get a pass here, or you just want to do some more questing, good news! Head over to the Notice Board near the bridge and take the notice "Contract: Woodland Beast" to start a quest by the same name. Talk to the nearby Captain of the Guard and ask about the notice to learn that some critter in the swamp has been raiding their supplies, and now they're in a sorry state. In exchange for the beast's head he'll offer Crowns and a pass. Sounds good.

Objective	Reward
For fighting off the Necrophages	50 XP
20 - 100 Crowns
Hungry Children (level 4)
Head along a road south-west from the camp until you reach a four-way split in the path. From here continue along a road to the south until you reach a three-way junction, at which juncture you'll want to head west, and continue west when the path splits again. Along the way you'll spot a house to the north, and since it has a cute little quest marker, we might as well check it out.

Walk up to the house and slaughter a Wild Dog (level four), then listen to some children scheme inside, after which Geralt will coax them out. This collection of unrelated kids lost their parents either through war, or simple abandonement, as you'll learn if you ask about their parents. Either give them Crowns, food, or nothing. The middle choice seems best, since having coin might just make them more of a target. If you read the book "In Beast's Clothing" you'll get a bestiary entry for Ulfhedinn and Werewolves, as well as the formula for Werewolf Decoction.

Objective	Reward
For giving the children money or food	10 XP
Doll
In Beast's Clothing
Contract: Woodland Beast (level 6)
Continue along the road to the south-west until you find the quest marker east of the road. Veer off into the wilderness and slay a pair of Alghouls (level five) who fight much like Ghouls, save you'll be repelled after you strike them. Use Igni, strong style, and dodge when necessary, then activate your Witcher Senses and search the wreckage. Examining the bodies and some crates suggests that this wasn't the work of monsters.

Examine, then follow a trail to the south and the search area will shift to accomodate the tracks. Follow them south-west, over a road, and down to a river ford. Dispatch a half-dozen Drowners (level four) then follow the footprints on the opposite bank up a hill. A short distance later, Geralt will be spotted by some Scoia'tael, who are, as usual, suspicious of the motives of any human.

You have two options here-agree to surrender your weapons and go talk to the Scoia'tael leader, or you can pick a fight for challenging their genocidal actions or by pretending you're out for a stroll. Humorless elves... If you do the latter, you'll have to put down a group of Scoia'tael (level five) and their leader, Vernossiel (level nine). Even if you plan to pick a fight later, for now it's best to agree to surrender your weapons and meet their leader.

Once you meet their leader, you again get the option to pick a fight (this time unarmed!) or agree to leave and forget what you saw here. For making the latter, wiser choice (in the Scoia'tael's eyes at least) you'll be given a reward. Perhaps an incentive for good behavior? You can now choose to return to the Captain and tattle on the Scoia'tael (which will earn you the pass, but not the coin) or you can, after agreeing to leave the Scoia'tael alone, simply murder them, loot their camp, and tell the Captain about your good deed, which earns you the full reward from both sides, and prompts the Captain to decide that the only way to pacify the nonhumans is by pouring gasoline on a fire... Either way, be sure to get your pass.

Objective	Reward
For promising to leave the Scoia'tael alone	Silk
Tracker's Trousers
Wolf Hide x6
Allspice x2
For telling the Captain about the location of the Scoia'tael	25 XP
Letter of Safe Conduct
For telling the Captain you killed the Scoia'tael	25 XP
30 Crowns
Letter of Safe Conduct









Anyways, one way or another you now have a pass to get into Novigrad, so return to the guards, flash your new pass, and walk on past. This will work to get you into the Border Post island, as well as into Oxenfurt. While it's a fine time to explore the map at your leisure, find signposts, play Gwent (most merchants will play you-innkepers will usually play, and they'll sell cards), and shop, we won't officially be exploring either two areas just yet. If you want to avoid accidently starting quests before you're ready, make Oxenfurt your destination. It has the craftsmen you need without any surprise quests... or just reload if you get involved in something in Novigrad you don't yet wish to deal with.

Objective	Reward
For showing the guard your swanky new pass	75 XP


Griffin Swords
Before we start hunting Ciri, there's one more thing we can do-namely, find some better Witcher gear. We won't be able to do all of this quest yet, but we should at least be able to get the Steel Sword diagram, and if you're determined enough, the Silver Sword diagram. Once you're level seven, you should be able to complete the entire quest, but again, there's no harm in getting started early.

Death by Fire (level 10)
From the Border Post head back south-east across the bridge and follow the road through the camp, past the Prisoner(s) in Distress marker, and to the roads that lead south to Hanged Man's Tree. From here continue east along a currently unexplored road until you find some Bandits hanging around outside a house. A burning house. Approach and they'll admit they set the fire, and threaten to... well, it's rude.

Either leave them to their cooking, or stand up for their victim. In the case of the latter, you'll have to kill the Bandits. Once done, use Aard on the junk in front of the door, then head inside the burning house. Smoke inhalation works like drowning-you only have so much time before you start to suffocate. The elf woman is smart enough to get herself out of there. Be sure to loot a shelf, then prove you're as smart as she is. Once outside, talk to her and she'll reward you by telling you about some cash she stashed... which it's just not safe for her to have anymore. With that, she departs. Loot the bandits-one of them will drop Relic-quality boots "Alder Folk Boots", which are most likely better than what you've got on now.

Objective	Reward
For saving the elf	25 XP
Monster Nest (Level 6)
Follow the road east until you find a branch leading south, where you can discover the "Codger's Quarry" signpost, for fast-travel convenience. Backtrack to the north and continue following the road to the north-east until this road bisects another road, also running north-east/south-west, albeit at a shallower angle. To the west will be a bridge looming over a shallow stream. Climb down to the stream and follow it north to find a Nekker nest, guarded, of course, by Nekkers (level six). Kill the critters, blow the nest, and loot a chest near the nest.

Objective	Reward
For destroying the Monster Nest	20 XP
Monster Nest (level 7)
Climb back onto the road and follow it south-west, leaping over the gap in the bridge, and following the road until it terminates at a ruined bridge collapsing into the swamp. Climb down into the swamp and continue across to the north, where the bridge-and the road beyond-continues. There are two things to be wary of here-first, Foglets (level four). As their name suggests, they're critters that enjoy ambushing prey from the concealment of swamp fog, turning themselves invisible. You can still see the fog they trail, however, so you don't need to see them to dodge them, after which they become visible. Or you could use Igni to catch them while they think they can't be seen, or Yrden, which will force them to become visible.

The next threat is further north, near the tower, the in form of Endrega Workers (level nine) and Endrega Warriors (level eleven). The latter are the most dangerous, capable of poisoning with a hit, dealing some wicked damage, and most of all, taking a bit of punishment themselves. Try to eliminate the Workers first so they don't get in your way, then engage the Warriors one at a time, is possible. They'll take a lot of hits at our level, but they're pretty predictable. Use Quen to absorb their attacks, then hit them with three strong attacks, after which, dodge and repeat. It's the "rule-of-three" that works on a surprising variety of foes.

Once the bugs and Foglets are dead, search along the southern end of the island to find a doorway you can use to gain entry to the keep, as well as the "Hindhost" signpost. On the ground floor of the keep you can find plenty of containers to loot (your reward for getting past the Endregas). Near a closed and blocked gate south of stairs leading to the upper reaches of the keep you'll find the note "Aen N'og Mab Taedh'morc".

Go up the stairs to reach an exterior, elevated part of the keep, where the Harpies (levels 5-7) and cut them down. Their nest is near the stairs. Blow it up, then head through a doorway east of the nest to find a skeleton and a chest to loot. The Skeleton can be searched for the Diagram: Griffin Steel Sword and "Balsick's Letter". Picking up the latter starts the quest "Scavenger Hunt: Griffin School Gear". In the nearby chest you'll find, among other gear, "Witcher George's Confession".

Objective	Reward
For destroying the Monster Nest	20 XP
The next part of the quest can be somewhat hard to get, mostly because it's guarded by a powerful foe. It can be done, however, and it'll be a significant upgrade to our current Silver Sword-even if you crafted the Viper Silver Sword earlier. If you're going to pass, skip ahead to the main story quest, "The Nilfgaardian Connection".

Hidden Treasure: The Things Men Do for Coin (level 12)
Activate the "Hindhold" signpost and fast travel back to the "Border Post" signpost. From there, make your way to the water and swim west to an island, where a Hidden Treasure event awaits. The signature feature here is a mound of burning corpses. Lovely. There are also some Nekkers (level six) guarding this area, which shouldn't be any trouble. At the Hidden Treasure marker you'll find a dead Dwarf near a watch tower. Search his body for a "Treasure Key" and a "Letter", which starts the quest "The Things Men Do For Coin...". Read the latter to update the quest, then follow a trail to the south-to the mound of corpses. Use Aard on the mound of corpses to put the fire out, then search near some wooden debris to find a container with some choice loot inside.

Monster Nest (level 6)
Swim west again to reach another island, where the remains of some military camp is evident. Now the area houses a Rotfiend nest. Rotfiends (level six) are Necrophages like Ghouls, with one imporatant difference-they explode violently when they are nearly dead, so when they start to shudder and stop moving, get clear of them. The Igni Sign works wonders on them.

Once the guardians are dead, blow the nest and a stronger Rotfiend (level five) will show up. Don't let its level fool you-it can withstand a lot more damage, and will only explode once it's dead, and this time into a cloud of noxious mist. Considering using Igni, your crossbow, or bombs when it's nearly dead to safely finish it off from afar. Loot the nest, then search the camp for some loot, including a chest with exceptional loot inside of it at the end of a road, near the shore north of the Rotfiend Nest.

Objective	Rewards
For destroying the Monster Nest	20 XP
Spoils of War (level 4)
Leave the island and swim south-west to find a "Spoils of War" event in the water. You'll have to dive to get at two chests resting on the sea floor, and you might be harassed by some Drowners (level four). Shoot them with your crossbow, as it's your only means of defending yourself while under water. Loot the chests, surface, then continue swimming west, avoiding the island to the south entirely, and instead swimming to the one beyond it to the west. The island we passed has a Forktail (level 18) along the northern hills that's just looking for a low-level Witcher to snack on. Don't be that guy.


Velen (Continued)
Place of Power
Swim around until you reach a small island along the north-western edge of the larger island. Along the eastern coast of this small island you should find a Place of Power, which is good for another Ability Point. Draw it and note the light house on the cliffs above you. Also not the raised drawbridge that connects the light house to the mainland. Clearly we're not getting up there that way. Ironically, we're going to have to swim down to reach dry land above us.

Entrance (level 10)
Dive off the south-eastern end of the island to find a cave leading under where the Place of Power stands. Drowners (level ten) pollute the water here. Again, use the crossbow to thin their numbers if you have to, or just swim past them. Eventually you'll come to cliff you can scale, so surface and do so. Your reward for your daring swim is a check full of superior loot just east of the water. Nearby you'll find some rocks you can scale. Do so twice, then climb a ladder to reach Lornruk.

Lornruk (level 14)
Head up some stairs, loot a chest and a parcel, then head up more stairs and loot two chests and three parcels. Score. Head through a doorway to the south-west, then turn south-east and use a winch to lower the drawbridge. Run across the drawbridge to discover the "Lornruk" signpost. It's also a good time to save your game, in case something goes wrong.

Return to Lornruk and head to the door you came out of. There's a ladder here which leads to an upper level, where you'll find two chests to loot, a grindstone, and some other containers. We're here for the chest next to the grindstone, along the south-eastern wall. Unfortunately the place is guarded by a territorial Wyvern (level fourteen) which will make short work of a low-level Witcher. You have to try to scale the ladder, quickly grab the contents of the chest ("Crafting Notes" and the Diagram: Griffin Silver Sword) then climb back down (or fall down, taking some damage, if you must). If you succeed, you'll have the diagram for a very potent level seven Silver Sword, which will make many future quests much, much easier.

If you're feeling adventurous, you can also loot the tower nearby-there are containers worth searching on the first floor and the third. Near the chest on the third floor is the note "Dobromir's Journal". If you proceed to the roof, however, you will certainly provoke the Wyvern. Once you've obtained your prize, it's time to head back to the "Hanged Man's Tree" signpost.

Note: After completing some main quests, the Wyvern here will be driven ----- off and some students-presumably from Oxenfurt-will be rummaging around here.

Harpy Feeding Ground
From here if you follow the road south-east, the south until it bisects a road running north-east you'll find the "Harpy Feeding Ground" signpost, which is fittingly infested with Harpies (level seven). There's also a chest lying around nearby for you to loot if you can clear out enough of the pests to see to it. This has nothing to do with obtaining any Griffin gear, but it's worth doing, since we're so close to it.

The next part of the quest actually requires us to fight a powerful foe, which you probably shouldn't attempt until you're level seven and you have the Griffin Silver Sword. That being the case, you can either run around and grind until you're level seven (yes, monsters here actually can give you enough experience to make this tedious, but possible) or continue on with "The Nilfgaardian Connection", as main quests tend to be pretty lucrative. A good spot to grind is east of Mulbrydale, a village south of Hanged Man's Tree. Here you'll find the "Devil's Pit" signpost, north of which is a Bandit Camp, south of which is a field where Nekkers (level six) like to spawn. Killing the latter can prove to be a worthwhile endeavor. In any event, we'll revisit this quest later.

The Nilfgaardian Connection
Mulbrydale
Enough difficult side-quest stuff for now, It's time to search for Ciri. From the "Hanged Man's Tree" head south along the road until you reach a small village. There's not much to see and do here, but we might as well grab the notices on the Notice Board while we're here. Of the six notices on the board, on the last one, "Missing Wife" starts a quest "Wild at Heart".

Funeral Pyres (level 3)
When you're done in Mulbrydale, head out along a road to the south-west and follow it until you find a Priest of the Eternal Fire standing north of the road, along with two guards. Talk to the priest (who is slightly less rude than his guards) and he'll tell you the good news-you get to serve the Cult of the Eternal Fire by burning some bodies, hence depriving some Necrophages of a meal. He even promises to pay us. Well... Ciri's been alright this long, another diversion won't hurt. Agree to his request and he'll give you some oils-time to find three bodies lying around that need to be cremated.

The first pile of bodies lies to north, so head across the field in the direction of the quest marker. Soon enough Geralt will find the spot of a skirmish, where Necrophages have already gathered. Kill a quartet of Ghouls (levels two and four), then pour the oil on the bodies and give the oily mess a shot of Igni.

Objective	Reward
For cremating the first pile of bodies	10 XP
Backtrack south to where the priest was, then head south-west to find the second pile of bodies at the end of a small road. A Rotfiend and some Wild Dogs lurk nearby-dispose of them, apply the oil, and ignite them with Igni.

Objective	Reward
For incinerating the second pile of bodies	10 XP
Two down, one to go. From here head south-east to find the third pile of bodies, which is a short distance north of the road running along the southern end of the island, a good distance south-east of Mulbrydale. Here you'll find a man named Titus Gielas under assault from a pack of Ghouls (levels two and four). Fight off the Necrophages and save Titus, who will tell you that our good priest lied about his motivations. He's got an interest in the Fisstech trade, and these bodies he had us burning belong to his victims-or intended victims, in the case of Titus. Finish burning the third pile of corpses, then head back north-it's time to pay our wayward priest a visit.

Objective	Reward
For feeding the third pile of bodies to the flames	10 XP
For discovering the priest's true motivations	25 XP
Our priest has now moved to an area near the northern coast between the Border Post and Hindhold. Find him and his two henchmen loitering under a shelter. When you talk to him and tell him that you've done his task, Geralt will automatically bring up the Fisstech dealer. When confronted with this, the priest will offer to buy your eternal silence. If you refuse the bribe, he'll try to earn your eternal silence in another fashion. They're push-overs, despite what they might think about their three-to-one odds, and the priest can be looted for a whopping 200 Crowns. Geralt doesn't seem to be the type to enjoy being jerked around, but as a Witcher, it's not his job to seek justice for drug deals gone bad. Whether your Geralt is incorruptable and turns down the bribe, or whether he's glad to just be done with the business, is up to you.

Objective	Reward
For taking the bribe	50 XP
60 Crowns
For turning down the bribe	50 XP
Deserter for Drowners (level 4)
Now that we're done with that little diversion, return to Mulbrydale and make another attempt at running down the road to the south-west. Continue on until it bisects another road near the coast, this one running north-south. At the point where the three roads bisect you'll hear a man calling for help off the road to the south-west, near the shore. Go investigate and you'll find a soldier named John Verdun being pestered by two Drowners (level four). Eradicate them, and talk to poor John. He'll tell you he's a Temerian deserter who, when some refugees heard about his cowardice, decided to tie him up and offer him to the Drowners. It's not really very Witchery to leave him to his fate, so lend him a hand and he'll be grateful. Sadly, gratitude is about all he has to offer you.

Objective	Reward
For rescuing John Verdun	25 XP
Inn at the Crossroads
Follow the nearby road to the north-west until you come to another three-way fork, this time following the road to the south-west. Cross a ford (the same ford you might have crossed earlier, during the quest "Contract: Woodland Beast") and continue on until you find the "Inn at the Crossroads" signpost. Search the Notice Board and grab the notice "Missing: Mikel", which starts the quest "Contract: Missing Brother"... a quest with a whopping suggest level of 33. Simply put, we won't be doing it for a while.

Head inside the inn and talk to some peasants near the Innkeep to learn a bit about the area-the "Baron" we heard about in Vizima apparently has claimed this land by right of might. You can also find Bruno, who will give us information about his brother (now spelled Mikkel), but we don't need to bother with that just yet.

Talk to the Innekeeper and ask him for Hendrik. When information doesn't seem forthcoming, Geralt asks for a drink. The peasants will scamper off, and the Innkeep, sensing trouble, offers to sneak Geralt out back. Before anything can be done, however, a trio of armed and armored men will show up. With all the swagger and bravado of dead men walking, they'll pester Geralt.

You'll have a series of timed responses you can make-pick the first option and you'll end up in a fight. Pick the second option and the three will decide not to tangle with a Witcher, and the worst Geralt will suffer is some insults about his profession. With the third option, Geralt can offer to buy them drinks. Even that's not enough to win them over, however-continue by telling them you're heading ot Novigrad, then either ask for information about the Baron, then end with "Cheers" to avoid a fight.

If you end up in a fight, you'll have to dispatch the three Bandits (level four). If you tarry too long in the inn, more Bandits (level five) will arrive, and the Innkeeper is only too quick to rat you out. If things end up peacefully you can finish talking to the Innkeeper around a corner. Either way, learn that Hendrik is in Heatherton, where the Innkeeper claims to have seen a "strange glow" earlier.

Endeavor to keep the peace, as afterwards you'll be able to talk to the Innkeeper again (it'll also allow you to advance a quest more easily later). Ask him for more information about the Baron and his namesake to learn that the Baron has holed himself up in Crow's Perch, and despite his tyranny, the name comes from a rather benign incident.

After this, peruse his wares to find that he sells a couple of Gwent cards-Nilfgaardian ones-include the Siege Engineer (6 Strength), the ever-useful Imperia Bridgade Guard (3 Strength, Tight Bond ability), a Nausicaa Cavalry Rider card (2 Strength, Tight Bond ability), and Emhyr Var Emreis, Emperor of Nilfgaard. The unit cards all cost 20 Crowns, while the leader card costs 50. Once you're done, play him at cards. He's got a rather weak Nilfgaardian deck-just be wary of the card "Villentretenmerth", a 7 Strength close combat card which will kill the strongest close combat card(s) you have in play, if you have more than 10 Strength in that row. He also might use Scorch to kill the strongest units in play, and Commander's Horn, which doubles the Strength of all units in a row. Defeating him will earn you the Menno Coehoorn card, a close combat hero cart with 10 Strength and the Medic ability... a very good card, even if it's only for Nilfgaardian decks.

Objective	Reward
For defeating the Innkeep at the Inn at the Crossroads in Gwent	25 XP
Menno Coehoorn Card
Bandit Camp (level 7)
Before we head off to Heatherton, let's take a brief detour to deal with some pests. Most of the events on the northern end of this island are too much for us to handle right now, but one event is well within our means. From the Inn at the Crossroads follow the road north-west to find a Bandit Camp. Kill the Bandits (level seven) and loot their treasure.

A Troll in Distress
Head west to reach the western shore, then follow the coast north until you find a poor Troll being beset by some Nekkers (level two). Kill the Nekkers and the Troll will thank you for your help... kind of. After Geralt ensures that the Troll isn't eating humans, he goes on his merry way... but not before the Troll gives him a rather vile present.

Objective	Reward
For helping the Troll to fend off the Nekkers	25 XP
Heatherton
Now for a long, boring trek. From the Inn at the Crossroads head west along a road, ignoring a fork to the north (which leads to a Bandit Camp) along the way. Cross some marshy lowlands, then, when the road forks near some peasants congregating near a shrine, take the road to the north-west. When you reach another fork, take the south-western branch, which will take you, finally, to Heatherton. Shortly after the fork you'll find some Bandits (levels five and six) looting corpses on the road. Kill them and continue on to your destination.

Objective	Reward
For killing the Bandits	10 XP
Pass an outlying hut (which has some low-quality goodies to loot inside) then approach the village of Heatherton. Geralt will comment on-and you should notice-the odd mist. Oh, and the fact that in an otherwise temperate location there's snow covering the houses. Probably not a good sign. Explore the houses along the southern end of the village and Geralt will note that they weren't looted, and that the town looks recently lived in.

Go north to find a Survivor being harrassed by some Wild Dogs (level two). Kill the mutts, then Geralt will calm the Survivor down with Axii. After the survivor takes a seat, he'll tell Geralt that Hendrik apparently had a bad day... not that, by the looks of things, anybody in Heatherton seems to have come out in a good way. Ask him for more information and he'll inform you-through a cutscene-what happened in Heatherton, and to Hendrik, specifically.

Go to the third house along the southern end of the village to find the body of Hendrik, who is a bloody mess. Use your Witcher Senses to highlight it, then search him, more specifically, his boots, to find a key. Go into the next room and search the hay to discover a trap door in the floor, which we can open with Hendrik's key. Search a candle on the wall, then investigate a chest in a cubby along the north-western wall to find a ledger. Read the entries and Geralt will pick up on two of Hendrik's leads, starting the quests "Bloody Baron" and "Hunting a Witch". Before you leave loot the chest in this room to score some Crowns, then note the poster in the northern room. Apparently the daughter of the Bloody Baron is missing. This will probably come up again.

Objective	Reward
For finding Hendrik's information	100 XP
Enroute to Crow's Perch
The two leads we have require us to head to Crow's Perch (south-east) or far south to Malcose. Since Crow's Perch is closer, we'll head there, first... but there are some worthwile detours to take along the way.

Bandit Camp (level 7)
From Heatherton head south along the road until, some distance south, you come across a four-way split. At this split is a Bandit Camp. Kill the Bandits (level seven) outside the nearby house, then loot the chest near the door. There are more goodies inside, but nothing exceptional.

Defender of the Faith (level 10)
Take the road south, and when that road splits, head west until you find a Peasant lady in distress. Talk to her and she'll babble about having to repair a shrine to appease some being named "Verna". Agree to help her and Geralt will go through the great effort of lifting the wooden image up. Once set into place the woman will praise you as the new official shrine-fixer. Geralt tells her he already has a profession, and she equates being a Witcher with fighting evil... and nothing's more evil than vandals! Offer to help repair any more damaged shrines you see and be about your business. The other shrines are further south-past Malcose, so we'll get to them... eventually.

Objective	Reward
For repairing the shrine	10 XP
Blackbough
When you arrive in Blackbough, rest until day time so you can play Gwent with Merchant along the eastern end of town, and a Blacksmith to the south-west. The cards you'll get for winning are random, and neither of them are overly challenging opponents.

The Blacksmith will also sell a variety of diagrams, as well as "Adalbert Kermith's Second Map". These maps-which are sold by various craftsmen and merchants throughout the game-give you information pertaining to various Witcher gear you can uncover, and so are well worth purchasing. Read this one to start the quest "Scavanger Hunt: Cat School Gear Upgrade Diagrams - Part 2". Map or not, this guide will point out when we're opportunisticly close to some Witcher Diagrams, so don't fret too much. The merchant sells "Adalbert Kermith's First Map" which starts the quests "Scavanger Hunt: Cat School Gear" and "Scavenger Hunt: Cat School Gear Upgrade Diagrams - Part 1". It'll be a while before we're a high enough level to mess around with these quests, so put them out of mind for now.

Once that's done head to a house along the north-western edge of town to find Niellen, who posted the notice that gave us the quest "Wild at Heart". Talk to him and he'll tell you about his wife's disappearance. His wife's sister will also interject unhelpfully. Agree to help Niellen, and Hanna's sister will give you the names of people to question.

Wild at Heart (level 7)
Return to the Blacksmith and his brats will pester you. After the Blacksmith tells you to go to Novigrad for swords, Geralt gets around to asking his questions. Turns out the Blacksmith's son saw Hanna go out into the woods with another woman, near dawn. The Blacksmith claims that she's a lost cause if she was out in the woods, due to a pack of Wolves that lurk around-beasts only Niellen is brave enough to deal with. Next talk to Glenna. She, too, blames the Wolves.

Follow a trail out of town to the north-west, then, when you reach a cluster of roads, follow a small trail to the north, past an "Alchemy Supplies" house to the west of the trail, until you reach another trail leading west. Continue along this trail until you find the start of a search area, at the edge of which you should activate your Witcher Senses. Detect some ripples near the center of the search area and head towards them to encounter some Wolves (level six).

Exterminate the wee-doggies and Hanna's sister will show up, telling you to give up the quest and tell Niellen that Hannah is dead. She's even willing to pay you extra to do so. If Geralt questions her, she'll give a rather unconvincing answer... all in all, the whole thing seems suspicious. If you accept her offer, the rewards are listed below-take the money, tell Niellen, and either accept or decline his reward. If you refuse, Hannah will get angry and call your heartless. Said the pot... Or, you can accept her offer, and keep looking anyways. This is the most lucrative choice.

Objective	Reward
For accepting Hanna's sister's offer	72 XP
55 Crowns
For telling Niellen that Hanna is dead, and accepting a reward	45 XP
10 Crowns
For telling Niellen that Hanna is dead, and turning down his reward	27 XP
Search near where the Wolves were to find a dead dog, using your trusty Witcher Senses. Inspect the corpse and Geralt will comment on the wounds. Search some blood nearby, then head east a bit to find another corpse. Geralt surmises the identity, as well as the cause of death-which most certainly calls for a Witcher. Even if you took the money from Hanna's sister earlier, the quest will revive and the objective will change.

Head north-east to find some bloody paw prints. Follow them a short distance and Geralt will find the creature we're tracking skittered up a tree. Geralt doesn't do heights-you'd think a Witcher could climb a tree, but apparently not-so search around the tree for more clues. Damn Werewolf had to come down sometime. North of the tree Geralt will find a tuft of stanky fur on the ground... but now, like any good bloodhound, we've got the beast's scent.

Turn around and activate your Witcher Senses to spot a floating trail of vapor, highlighted red. The stench trail of the Werewolf. Follow the meandering trail from tree to tree, until it ends north-west of the center of the search area, where Geralt will find a man's clothes on the forest floor. Track a sparse trail north-west to find the "Isolated Shack" signpost.

Isolated Shack
Explore the interior of the shack to find plenty of things to loot, save for one chest in the bedroom, which is locked. Pick up some "Mysterious Notes" on the ground and read them to find out that our Werewolf is self-aware, and despite the stubborness of his curse, he's decided to try and cope as best he can. Leave the shack and search around the southern end of the building to pick up a more prominent blood trail, which ultimately leads around to the western side of the shack, where you'll find a door leading down into a cave.

Note: The cures mentioned in the notes-a shirt made of Fool's Parsley and virgin's tears-were both remedies Geralt tried to use to cure another lycanthrope in the first game. In that case, only the power of love was strong enough to keep the beast inside at bay. Presumably it had a similar effect here, but for some reason, it failed to keep Hanna out of danger...

Rest until midnight, prepare any Oils, Potions, or Decoctions you might want, then Aard the door open. Head through the barren tunnels until you reach a large chamber. Shortly you'll be attacked by the Werewolf and its cadre of Wolves (level seven). He's not so tough, but the Wolves can be annoying. Hit them with Igni, dispatch the Wolves, then focus on the Werewolf. Given his speed, fast attacks are probably better here than strong attacks.

After the Werewolf's been beaten nearly to death, Hanna's sister shows up and tries to get you to stop the violence (if you took her reward earlier, Geralt blankly says "I changed my mind." Heh...) Question her motives and she'll identify the Werewolf and reveal her motives. The Werewolf is not pleased. Hanna's sister will proclaim her innocence (to a degree), but the Werewolf doesn't believe her, and is willing to think Hanna's sister had the worst motives in mind.

Make a timed decision-either tell Hanna's sister to flee while you put the Werewolf down, or let the Werewolf kill her. If you choose the latter (a fairly un-Witcherly option, but it wouldn't be the first time Geralt allowed a monster to kill a human) the Werewolf will beg you to kill him, next. The experience is the same either way, but if you kill Werewolf and spare Hanna's sister, you'll get to loot the Werewolf for his juicy Werewolf parts.

You'll also score Niellen's Key, either way, which opens the chest in his shack. He won't be needing its contents anymore. Search the cave for two chests-one along the western wall, and one in a cubby to the south east, then loot the locked chest in the shack, which contains-among other things-the Diagram: Shiadal's Armor. Another item with a level requirement so high we can't do much but dream about it.

Objective	Reward
For killing the Werewolf	45 XP
Abandoned Tower
Now, let's take another diversion to score some loot and fill out our map a little. From the "Isolated Shack" head east until you find a road... which you should keep following east. Eventually you'll come across an "Abandoned Tower", complete with its own signpost and everything. At a glance the place isn't very interesting, what with no apparent way to get inside, and all. Find the corner that's pointing at the road, however, and note the uncut stone running along a wall. The highest point of this uncut stone runs up the side of the tower a significant height-high enough that if you can get Geralt to climb that stone, he can climb from there onto the tower, where you'll find two chests to loot. Once done, carefully pick your way back down.

Monster Nest (level 9)
Save your boots the wear and tear of running back south, and instead make use of the nearby signpost to fast travel back to Blackbough. Leave via the road running south-east and keep heading in that curction until you find a road leading south. Take that road and continue along it until you find a Ghoul nest. Butcher the Ghouls (level nine) then blow up the nest. As distrubing as Necrophages are in general, what drew them here was probably more sinister, considering the bodies-both burnt and unburnt-near the pyre. You can't really blame them for nesting here, considering all that.

Objective	Reward
For destroying the Monster Nest	20 XP
Return to the north and continue following the earlier road south-east, which should take us safely to Crow's Perch. The "Bloody Baron" quest will update when we approach-we now must head inside the city and search for this baron...

Bloody Baron: Meeting the Bloody Baron
Crow's Perch
If you killed the soldiers at the Inn at the Crossroads, none of the peasants in Crow's Perch will be out and about. Over near the doors to the east that lead to the gate, you'll find two of the Baron's soldiers (level three) that you'll have to put down. Near the gate itself, more soldiers will speak to you through the gate, stating that they've heard what you did at the Inn, and they wisely aren't going to allow you in. Well, would you? Looks like we'll need to find a sneakier way in...

Head downhill to the market, where you'll see that one lone old man has decided to brave the murderous Witcher. Talk to him and ask him how to get inside the keep, and he'll try to wrangle 15 Crowns off of you. Pay him and he'll tell you about an alternate way into the castle, you just need to find some shrine north-west of the city.

Leave the city via the way you entered and follow the road back up north. When you reach a crossroads (the southern road leads to the Ghouls nest we cleared earlier) head north until you find a road to the north-east. Follow the road until you find a search area, which is largely unnecessary, because the shrine is easily visible off the eastern side of the road. From the shrine head south-east and into the river, where you should see a cave you can swim into, the roof of which is just above the water line.

Dive into the river and swim south until your progress is blocked by rocks. Climb up onto the stone ledge blocking your path and continue running south, then east, where you'll find another ledge to scale-this cave is one of the first areas that's dark enough to perhaps warrants the use of a Cat potion. Drop off another ledge to the north, and defeat a Water Hag (level six). Water Hags will throw muck at you, which will stun Geralt (you can still move, but you can't attack or cast Signs), and will often sink into the ground, only to surface somewhere else, more muck to throw in hand. They'll also resort to swiping with their claws against nearby or stunned foes. Loot a chest west of the ledge, then head north and search a cubby to the east to find another, more lucrative chest. Dive in to the water to the west and search the cliff face to the east (yes, the rock you just jumped off) to find two chests under water.

Climb back out of the water up onto the ledge to the west, then turn south and scale a ledge just east of the one we dropped off earlier. Continue up a ramp to the south-east and follow it around counter-clockwise, scaling a ledge and looting some crates as you go. Finally, to the north, you'll discover a well with a ladder leading out of it. Climb your way to the surface to witness a cutscene that introduces you to the Bloody Baron.

On the other hand, if you didn't get into a fight at the Inn at the Crossroads... well, walk into Crow's Perch to find a lively and active city. Head west and go through a gate unmolested, then up a hill, where the guard will pester you. You'll be recognized by one of the guards at the tavern, and if you stick to the top dialogue options, you'll be escorted to meet the Baron. Yeah... a bit simpler, no? Of course, nothing prevents you from exploring the cave mentioned earlier if you didn't kill the guards, and considering the treasure, it's a worth-while diversion.

The Bloody Baron's guest leaves and he'll chat with Geralt, telling him flatly that he knows who he is, and why he's here. If you killed his guards earlier, he'll also suggest that he hasn't yet decided what to do with Geralt-but how the conversation goes might determine that. Nice threat, there. Have a drink with the Baron (or not) and he'll get to business, albeit indirectly, and at length, telling you about Ciri in the form of a bit of playable gameplay...

Ciri's Story: The King of the Wolves (level 5)
You're now in control of Ciri. Some things to note about her for now-you can't mess with her gear, she can't level up, and she can't (yet) cast spells or Signs. Her dodge ability, however, is of a more flashy and magical nature than Geralt's, and her health regenerates far faster than Geralt's outside of combat. Otherwise, swordplay is the same-strong attack, fast attack, parry, dodge, riposte... all that good stuff.

Head west, picking plants as you go... we'll need them later, but grabbing them early might save us trouble later, although it is somewhat more difficult to loot them considering she doesn't have Witcher Senses. When you run out of west, turn north, where you'll find a treed girl being harassed by some Wolves. Lend her a hand and kill some Wolves (level five)-don't worry so much about taking damage, as Ciri will regenerate fully between battles.

Once the Wolves are dead Ciri will coax the girl down, and as two lost people in a swamp, they'll find common cause. The little girl will tell Ciri about how she ended up in the swamp, and mention some "Wolf King" that might cause them trouble. Confident in her abilities to deal with both Wolves and Kings, Ciri and the girl set off.

When you're back in control head north-west and dispatch a group of five (level five) Wolves feasting on carrion, then loot the bodies and pick the Wolfsbane nearby. After the fight Ciri calls the girl back to her side. Investigate the carrion and Ciri will deduce with what the critter was slain. Sounds kind of familiar... Follow the girl, Gretka, to the north and she'll spot a mangled corpse in the remains of a boat. Ciri will tell the girl to look away, then set to investigate the body. Perform your autopsy by looking at the different wounds, and, despite being bothered by Gretka a few times, she'll identify the Wolf King.

Ciri unfortunately lacks a silver sword, but she does know how to make a blade coating that will do the trick nicely, and list the ingredients. If you've been diligent about picking plants and looting Wolves, you should now only need Fool's Parsley. Follow the girl downhill to the west and dispatch another quintet of Wolves (level five), then loot around the area to find the Fool's Parsley you need (tall stalks, white flower), and the Wolfsbane, should you need any (tall stalks, purple flowers). Once done, Ciri will automatically concoct the blade coating she needs.

Return west to the site of the last fight once the oil is made, investigate the corpse of a pig if you wish, then follow the girl west, then north, down a slope and into a cave. Inside you'll find the Wolf King about to do unspeakable things to a man. Interrupt the beast and slay it-it's an easier fight than any of the Wolves we've slain, just use fast attacks and dodge until it's dead. Once done, have a chat with the poor man in the cave, who will ultimately lead Ciri to his lord.

Family Matters (level 6)
Having recounted his tale, the Baron makes a predictable offer. You're both looking for missing women, why not help each other out? Not really having any other options, Geralt asks about the Baron's missing wife and daughter. Question him for more details, and at length he'll relent to letting you investigate matter more intimately. This ends the quest "Bloody Baron" and begins "Family Matters" and "Ciri's Room".

Objective	Reward
For meeting with the Bloody Baron	100 XP
Time to snoop through other people's belongings! Start out by looting a nearby table to find the note "Nilfgaardian Demands", then follow the Baron up some stairs while he babbles. He'll unlock two doors for you-in the western room, grab the note "Letter to Tamara" along the south-western wall, loot a chest in the bedroom to the north-west, then search the containers along the south-eastern wall, the middle of which will contain a "Rusty Key" and some incense which leaves a scent trail for Geralt to follow.

Track the scent down several flights of stairs, then up a tunnel to the north-east, through a doorway to the north-west, and to a locked door, which can be opened with the Rusty Key. At the south-western end of the room you'll find an altar to the Eternal Fire and the note "A Prayer". Seems benign enough, but read the prayer note and the last three lines should give you pause. Perhaps it's not such a happy family after all... Be sure to loot the store rooms down here, as they contain quite a haul of common-but valuable-goodies, including Alcohest and Alchemist's Powder. You'll also get your fair share of junk, but hey... it can all be sold off or dismantled.

Backtrack upstairs and go into the eastern room next, activating your Witcher Senses once you're insde. Start out by looting all the yellow-glowing objects, the investigate the candlestick to the west, some flowers to the east, and the wall to the south. The off-colored wall directs him to a painting to the east, which in turn leads him to the cabinet on the other side of the wall. Investigate a wooden post near the flowers, then head back west and search the table near the candlestick. Follow a scent trail outside the room and down a flight of stairs where you will find a Talisman at the end of the scent trail.

Return to the Baron and tell him about your findings. Unfortunately, he-and apparently his guards-were too sloshed to remember anything, but the Talisman proves more helpful. Seems likely that we'll find more answers by visiting a local pellar (alchemist), who by the Baron's description seems like... well, like a guy you wouldn't want your wife to visit. He also mentions some witch who recently arrived in Midcopse. Could this be the same witch Ciri clashed with?

Objective	Reward
For investigating the rooms of Tamara and Anna	150 XP
The Baron will now head off back to his office downstairs. Follow him and talk to him, where you'll find you can ask him about more subjects, including his collusion with Nilfgaard and witches in the area. More importantly, you can play Gwent with him, which you'll need to do to unlock some new Gwent players around Velen. He's got a pretty mediocre Northern Kingdoms deck, only noteworthy because of the Scorch cards he'll play. Beat him you'll get the "Sigismund Dijkstra" card, which has 4 Strength and the always useful "Spy" ability-a worthy addition to any Northern Kingdoms deck. He'll also mention some other people you can play, which starts the "Gwent: Velen Players" quest.

Objective	Reward
For defeating the Bloody Baron at Gwent	25 XP
Sigismund Dijkstra Card
Ciri's Room (level 5)
Take a break from Gwent for a bit (don't worry, we'll get back to it soon enough) and switch the tracked quest to "Ciri's Room". While we're here, we might as well search out her room, after all. From the Baron's room (on the second floor) head down the hallway to the north-east. Ciri's room is the southern of the two rooms at the eastern end of the hall. Turn those old Witcher Senses back on and search near the bed to find one of Gretka's toys, a Top, then turn around and search some garments on the floor. Finally, investigate the table to find a book "The Natural Obscurity of Curses", which you should read Leave the room and head across the hall and enter the room to the north, to find Gretka. As the Baron said, she's alive and well, working in the kitchen. Talk to her and ask about Ciri, and when you've gotten all the info you can out of her, give her back the Top to end the quest.

Objective	Reward
For investigating Ciri's room	100 XP
Head back down the hall to the south-west and go down a short hallway to the south to find a door leading outside. You can now explore the upper reaches of Crow's Perch, including the Notice Board, which we'll ignore for now. Head south-east under an arch to find two merchants-a dwarven armorer named Fergus Graem, and the Quartermaster. Both will play Gwent with you, and the latter sells a "Nausicaa Cavalry Rider" card and the "Cynthia" card. Neither of these are great cards, but hey... the more the merrier. He also sells "Adalbert Kermith's Third Map", which, once read, will start the quest "Scavanger Hunt: Cat School Gear Upgrade Diagrams - Part 3".

Ask Fergus about a master armorer, and he'll admit to being one. When Geralt gives his specifications, the dwarf will mock Geralt's dream armor. The dwarf's human assistant, however, will babble about some mythical tools in Skellige that could be used the craft the armor. Strike up a deal to find these tools and the quest "Master Armorers" will start. It'll be a while before we can tackle this quest.

Head down to the lower part of town to find a Trader, who will also play some Gwent with you. Better yet, he'll sell a few cards, including an "Impera Brigade" card, a "Nausicaa Cavalry Rider" card, two weak cards with the "Tight Bond" ability. He also sells "Vreemde" and "Albrich", two practically worthless low Strength cards, and a "Zerrikanian Fire Scorpion" card. Beat him, buy his cards, and leave Crow's Perch.

Fast-travel to Blackbough to get near the pellar's house. In fact, we ran right past it during the quest "Wild at Heart". Find the house north-west of Blackbough-the pellar is marked on the map as "Alchemy Supplies". Unfortunately, when we arrive we'll notice that we're not the only ones who want to talk to the pellar. Some of the Baron's soldiers are outside, and they aren't here on a social call. When you approach you'll enter conversation with them. Either kill them (level six), use the Axii Sign to convince them to leave, or simply tell them how to really cure their sick friend. Bribing them won't work, Axii is the most lucrative choice, but curing their friend might just be better for everybody in the long run.

Objective	Reward
For convincing the Baron's men to leave with the Axii Sign	40 XP
Once the guards are gone knock on the door to find this pellar, who seems to have the whole seer act down. Show him the amulet and he'll identify it, and babble about what dark magic is was meant to protect Anna from. The pellar will offer to use his skills (whatever they may be) to help locate Tamara and Anna, but it seems that a key component has gone missing, without which it's obviously impossible to perform an augry. Offer to find his "princess" and he'll give you a "Pellar's Bell", which you'll need to escort his... Princess.

A Princess in Distress (level 5)
Geralt of Rivia, Butcher of Blaviken, Legendary Witcher... goat rescuer? Better just get on with it. Head south of the house and activate your Witcher Senses to find some goat tracks leading west into a search area about the size of Crow's Perch. Follow the meadering, often broken tracks westward to near the western edge of the search area (straight west from the pellar's house on the map) to find Princess. Along the way, you may need to slaughter some Wolves (level five). How Princess made it out here without becoming a meal is a mystery unto itself...

Princess will get a life bar, and you'll have to use Pellar's Bell to coax the stupid creature to move. Use it like any bomb or Sign-equip it via the radial menu, then "Cast" it with (L1). Lead the goat west until it wanders off. Locate it again to find that it happened to find a Bear, which just so happens to fancy some goat for dinner. Geralt will politely ask the goat to get away from the Bear (level six), which you'll have to dispatch. Quen, dodging, and strong attacks should be sufficient. Once done, continue walking along, ringing the bell so Princess follows you. Once you near the house, Geralt will compliment the goat on its one redeeming quality, and the pellar will show the goat some affection when you approach.

Note: Be sure to return to the cave the bear emerged from after completing this quest-it might not be wise to attempt to explore it while leading around Princess, so just try to discover the "Entrance" marker on your map so you can return when your business with the pellar is done. When returning, drop down some ledges to reach a chamber where, behind a column, you'll find two chests. One of them contains the Diagram: Mastercrafted Ursine Steel Sword, so it's well worth picking up. Another, less interesting chest lies behind a fence to the north.

Encourage the pellar to live up to his end of the bargain and Geralt will leave to get a final component for the ritual, which the pellar will perform. Once the augury is done, question the pellar further, and he'll reveal some of Anna's secrets. This doesn't give us the whereabouts of Anna and Tamara as we'd hoped it might, but it does give us another lead... seems like we need to talk to the Baron again.

Objective	Reward
For getting the pellar to perform an augury	100 XP

Bloody Baron: Of Barons and Botchlings
Confronting the Baron
Read the bestiary entry on Botchlings, then return to Crow's Perch to find the city in disarray. A building is on fire, bells are ringing, and peasants are standing around gawking. Oh, if only they had smartphones... head up to the keep and you'll be confronted by some soldiers, one of whom asks you to save his brother, who-along with the horses-are trapped in a burning stable. Make a timed decision to help or not, it's not a terribly difficult event, and there's no downside for helping out, so we might as well.

Head south-west to find the stable. The front door is blocked by debris, so you'll have to climb a ladder to the second story. Once you've climbed the ladder, your breath gauge will show up-you know the drill, run out of breath and you'll start taking massive damage, so be quick. Turn south-east and score a chest, then turn north-west and blast some barrels blocking the way with Aard. Continue north-west and use Aard again on more debris, and when you reach the edge of this level over-looking the barn below, climb down another ladder. Blast some more barrels to the north-east, then head past where the barrels stood until you find the barn door.

Geralt, the horses, and the stable boy will flee the barn, then the Baron shows up. Geralt's unkind words end in fisticuffs-riposte his strikes, then when he's off-balance, fast strike him a few times. Repeat until he falls, after which he and Geralt will have a talk about his poor conduct as a husband. He'll come clean about what really happened regarding Anna and Tamara-a vile tale of spousal abuse at its worse, which confirms the pellar's augury.

Inform the Bloody Baron of the ramification of his actions, and suggest the two courses of actions; we can either lift the curse and turn the Botchling into a Lubberkin, or we can kill it, and use its blood. Either way, it can lead us to Tamara and Anna. Of the two, the Bloody Baron seems to be in favor of the former. You can stall for time if you're not ready to confront the Botchling yet, but when you're ready to go, tell the Baron so and the two of you will make a plan of action.

That night the two set out-follow the Bloody Baron to the site where the miscarried child was buried. Geralt find unmistakable signs that the Botchling is, in fact, on the prowl. Fortunately the creature doesn't take long to show itself. You have two options-battle the Botchling, or try to removes its curse and turn it into a Lubberkin, as Geralt informed the Bloody Baron earlier. Follow the text under the heading that reflects the option you chose-both quests reuinte under the heading "Tamara, Lost and Found".

Battling the Botchling
The straight-forward approach, Geralt will attack the small but hideous creature, only to have it transform when a threat presents itself. It's not too strong at first-it's attacks are predictable, although it does take a few hits to whittle down, even with a fairly potent Silver Sword. Smack it around until its health is halfway gone, at which point it'll start reflecting damage, regenerating health, and summon some Wraiths. Kill the Wraiths quickly, then turn your attention back to the Botchling. Sword strikes are ill-advised, unless you have Quen up, as you'll take damage from your own attacks. Instead, use Igni to safely deal damage to the Botchling and negate its regeneration while it's on fire. Once the beast is dead Geralt will take its blood... after the Bloody Baron expresses his dissatisfaction at Geralt's methods.

Loot the area, then head north-west to return to Crow's Perch. Leave the city and fast-travel back to Blackbough, from which you need to travel north-west to visit with the pellar again. Talk to the pellar, ask him about the ritual, then tell him to perform the ritual. Now follow the pellar south to the village, then east along the northern road leaving Blackbough. The two of you will make small talk as you walk, including the fate of the old lord of these lands, and the pestilience the Nilfgaardians are suffering from... you might even have to smite the odd pack of Wolves (level five). When you reach the shrine you'll be instructed to light some fires, and you'll be given the opportunity to question the ritual you're about to witness. When you're ready, light the fires and the pellar will take that a sign to begin the ritual.

Geralt has one job-to keep the flames lit. So naturally, he can't be bothered to do it. When one of the flames goes out, Wraiths (levels five and six) will show up and start attacking in endless waves. You've got to relight the fires with Igni (or just by activating them, if you can get enough breather room) for the pellar to continue. Persevere through this poorly designed mess of gameplay to find out where the Tamara and Anna have gone. Using Tawny Owl to increase you Stamina regeneration will come in handy here, considering how much you'll want to use Signs.

Objective	Reward
For completing the ritual	100 XP

The Lubberkin
Geralt will tell the Bloody Baron to do... well, probably the last thing any sane person would want to do with a Botchling, and when he protests, Geralt will remind him that this was his preference. Your task now is to follow the Baron back to the keep. Along the way you'll be attacked by a group of Wraiths (level five). Dispatch them quickly, then, when the Baron starts whining about the Botchling, cast Axii on it to calm it down. Repeat the process again as you near the entrance to the keep-there are more Wraiths here, but otherwise, same thing. Once the Wraiths are gone use Axii again. You'll finish the rest of your trip unmolested, the Baron will follow your orders... after some complaints.

Objective	Reward
For lifting the curse on the Botchling	150 XP
When the Baron is gone, approach the burial site and activate it to "sit and wait" for a day and a night. When next midnight rolls around, Geralt will finish the ritual. Now you just need to follow the Lubberkin to a house south-east of Crow's Perch. When the Lubberkin stops, activate your Witcher Senses and search, in sequence, some hoof prints, a misplaced bracelt on top of some barrels, and some discarded clothing, all along the north-eastern side of the house. Return to the Lubberkin and follow it to another site, this one along the road to the north-east. At a small bridge you'll find a dead horse carcass guarded by Rotfiends (level six) who show up in three groups of two. Examine the remains and cycle through the various options to get a clearer grasp of what occured.

Tamara, Lost and Found
If you fought the Botchling and performed the ritual, you'll know the name of the person we need to see. If you turned the Botchling into a Lubberkin, you'll end up following it to the correct place... eventually. The house we're looking for is north-east of Crow's Perch, and regardless of what you did to get here, you had either a Lubberkin, or a good, old-fashioned quest marker to lead you here. Head inside the house and talk to the fisherman about Tamara and Anna, and, after some initial attempts at duplicity, he'll tell you all he knows.

Objective	Reward
For learning what happened to Tamara and Anna	300 XP
Return to the Crow's Perch and head to the keep. Along the way, if you saved the stable boy, he'll be waiting for you. As thanks for saving him from an agonizing death he'll give you... 20 Crowns. Oh well, it's probably a lot of money to him. Head to the gardens west of the keep, where one of the Baron's men will stop and ask you about what transpired the night you and the Baron went off alone-apparently the Baron is a changed man of late. Head into the garden and endure the Baron's babbling before you tell him about his wife and daughter.

Despite all the work you've done for him, the Bloody Baron still isn't happy, and insists he won't be until you personally verify that Tamara is safe-and continue searching for Anna. If you decline, he'll settle for just giving you a "Letter of Safe Passage" and asking you to give it to Tamara if you happen to visit Oxenfurt. If you agree... well, pretty much the same thing happens, except he'll also give you 50 Crowns in gratitude. After this exchange, Geralt forces the Bloody Baron to live up to his end of the bargain and tell him about Ciri...

Objective	Reward
For telling the Bloody Baron where Tamara went	Letter of Safe Passage
For agreeing to visit Tamara	50 Crowns

Ciri's Story: The Race (level 5)
Ciri, the Baron, and his boys will chat around the fireplace until the stableboy (yes, the one Geralt can choose to save later) starts making challenges. The Baron ends up taking on the wager the stableboy started-a horse race between Ciri and the Baron, Ciri's sword for the Baron's horse. This race is incredibly difficult to lose, just gallop when you can, and canter when you... can't? Once you cross the finish line the Baron will stop telling his story just as danger loomed, and will tell you to find his wife for the rest of the story. As you leave the keep, the Baron will stop you and ask you to give his daughter a doll when you see her.

From Crow's Peak to Lindenvale
We now need to go to Oxenfurt to find Tamara... it's not a very rewarding bit of quest, but it does give us an excuse to explore (almost) everything from Crow's Perch to Oxenfurt. An excuse we'll make the most of. Before you leave Crow's Perch, go to the Notice Board, where you can start the quests "Races: Crow's Perch", "Fists of Fury: Velen", and "Contract: Shrieker". Be sure to talk to Chet, then Symko, along the southern end of Crow's Perch to make progress in "Contract: Shrieker". Talking to Symko isn't necessary, but you can learn something about the beast you're hunting by talking to him, and you can use the Axii Sign to shut him up when he gets all worked up.

Objective	Reward
For using Axii on Symko	40 XP
From the "Crow's Perch" signpost head along the road to the south-east, where you'll shortly find Ronvid of the Small Marsh, who claims to be fighting for the honor of Maid Bilberry, fairest of all maids! In this self-imposed task, he's got to defeat one hundred knights in single combat, and you are the first of many. Whatever you say results in a tussle. Smack him a few times and he'll run off.

Objective	Reward
For defeating the mighty Ronvid of the Small Marsh	25 XP
Contract: Shrieker (level 8)
Continue along the road-now heading north-east-past some houses. Ignore some roads to the south and, when you spot the moat around Crow's Perch, head over there and follow the shore to the north. When you reach the search area activate your Witcher Senses and search a dead dog, then find some tracks north-east of the murdered mutt. Follow the tracks north along the shore until you find a cave. Investigate the feathers outside of the cave and Geralt will identify this "Shrieker". Before you head inside the cave, however, head uphill to the south-east to find the "Burned Ruins" signpost. It'll help us get back to town quicker, shortly. Even better, search the eastern side of these ruins to find some collapsed wood, hidden amongst which is a chest containing the Diagram: Enhanced Griffin Trousers. Yeah, before we've even found the originals, we're already getting enhanced versions. We'll need the originals to make the enhanced ones, though... but we'll get to that, shortly.

Objective	Reward
For discovering the Shrieker's lair	25 XP
Head inside the cave and Geralt will note that the beast has retreated to its nest, to recover from its wound. Chuck a bomb (Samum, Grapeshot, or Dancing Star) at the elevated nest to the south-west to scare the beast off-instead of coming down, however, it takes another entrance out of the cave. Chase it north-west into the wilderness, where it'll land to confront you on the ground. Try to circle around the beast, where it's less likely to be able to effective hit you-it fights similarly to the Griffin, using sweeping attacks with its arms and long, powerful lunging leaps. It can also stun Geralt by screeching. If it flies, shoot it down with your crossbow. Otherwise, fast attacks, Quen, Aard and Igni all work well. When it's dead, loot it for a Cockatrice Trophy, a Cockatrice Mutagen, and a relic-quality Dwarven Axe, amongst other items, then return to Chet for your reward. You can accept the Crowns, or be a nice guy and turn them down. Symko will doubtlessly be better off if his new foster parents aren't impoverished.


Velen (Continued)
Monster Nest (level 9)
Return to the "Crow's Perch" signpost and fast-travel to the "Burned Ruins" signpost. From there head north-east and cross a road to discover a Ghoul nest, guarded, of course, by several Ghouls (level nine). Kill them, blow up their nest, then loot it, and the burnt bodies nearby.

Objective	Reward
For destroying the Monster Nest	20 XP
Lindenvale
Follow the nearby road south, then when you reach a three-way fork, turn east. Follow this road east, then north-east, then east again, and finally south-east to reach Lindenvale, a small village that's worth going out of our way for in order to discover the signpost here. If you talk to the Blacksmith you'll start the quest "Of Swords and Dumplings". Apparently some master blacksmith-Hattori-has retired, and thus deprived the world of his talents. The Blacksmith also sells "Adalbert Kermith's Fourth Map" which, once read, will begin the quest "Scavanger Hunt: Cat School Gear Upgrade Diagrams - Part 4".

Play Gwent with both the Blacksmith and a Merchant in town to win some cards, then search the notice board and grab the following notices: "Contract: Monster in the Cemetery", "Monster in my Manor!", and "Contract on... Gods Know What On!" to start the quests "Contract: The Merry Widow", "The Fall of House Reardon", and "Contract: Mysterious Tracks". Busy town. As of now we're capable of easily completing "The Fall of House Reardon", and perhaps "Contract: The Merry Widow", but "Contract: Mysterious Tracks" is beyond our means at the moment.

Lastly, depending on your timing, you might want to consider talking to the Bookie outside the inn, where you can fight "Fishgulper", one of the fighters in the "Fists of Fury: Velen" quest. Before the fight, Fishgulper will ask you to take a dive so he can claim the purse to feed his family. If you do, you'll lose whatever coin you wagered, and will have to repeat the fight to progress the quest. If you beat Fishgulper without throwing the fight, you can give him five Crowns to help feed his family.

Objective	Reward
For defeating Fishgulper at fisticuffs	25 XP
2-140 Crowns
From Lindenvale to the Ferry Station
Spoils of War (level 4)
We'll deal with more of the quests in and around Lindenvale shortly, but for now, the signpost will suffice. Backtrack north-west along the road, then take a road to the north-east that leads over a bridge to get back on the central island in Velen. While crossing said bridge, take a dive off it to the north-west and swim up the river in that direction to find a "Spoils of War" event. Dive near the marker, shoot two Drowners (level four) with your crossbow, loot a skeleton near a sunken boat for an Aged Key, then unlock the nearby chest, where you can find-among other things-Moonblade, a relic-quality Silver Sword.

Note: Unique weapons like Moonblade actually level with you... to a degree. They usually remain a few levels below you, too. If such a weapon you found isn't to your liking, you can always consider reloading to a save before you started the quest/event, and come back for it later. Moonblade is a prime example of this, as the event required to complete it is laughably easy. Why not wait and come back for it when you really need an upgrade? Also... Moonblade was one of the most powerful Silver Swords in the first Witcher game. How it got here is anybody's guess.

Person(s) in Distress (level 16)
Cross the bridge and shortly you'll find a road running more or less east-west across the southern end of the island. If you head west, you'll find a very dangerous "Person(s) in Distress" encounter, where Slavers (level seven) are joined by Nilfgaardian Deserters (levels fourteen to sixteen). Simply put, if you're too low of a level, this fight is going to be pretty wretched. You'll have to make great effort to kill the two archers (perhaps using Quen to protect yourself), after which the fight becomes manageable, as the melee attackers are easy to parry, then exploit with a few strong attacks.

Once they're dead, loot one of them for the "Slaver's Key", then head to two houses near some docks. Enter the northern house and grab the "Unsent Note" off the floor, then unlock the cell, freeing a Swordsmith, who offers to reward you if you ever come around Mulbrydale. If you take him up on his offer you'll find that... well, it apparently just consists of doing business with you, telling you about Fergus-the master armorer-and playing some Gwent, although in the latter case, he doesn't seem to cough up a card.

Abandoned Site (level 4)
Follow the road past the bridge to the east (after either completing, or more likely, avoiding the previous event) to find an Abandoned Site guarded by four Drowners (level four). Kill them and peasants will move in, as well as some Nilfgaardian Soldiers to protect them.

Objective	Reward
For liberating the Abandoned Site	120 XP
50 Crowns
Hidden Treasure: An Unfortunate Turn of Events (level 10)
Search along the waterline to the east to find a corpse near a ruined boat, which you can loot to find an "Unsent Letter". Pick it up to start "An Unfortunate Turn of Events", then read it. Swim south-east from the body to find, under the water, a chest guarded by two Drowners (level ten). Kill them and loot the chest to score Harvall, a relic-quality Steel Sword that was in the first Witcher game. Like Moonblade, it's level scales with you.

Guarded Treasure (level 13)
Leave the Abandoned Site and continue east until you find a fork, at which you should head north-east to find a burnt-down house, near which is an Alghoul (level thirteen). It might be a bother to fight, if it had friends. Alas, it does not. Smite it and loot a chest and body near the house to complete this event.

Continue north-east past the burnt-down house until the trail ends at another road running north-south. Follow it south and when it forks again... eh, follow either one. Both trails lead to the same place-they reconnect to the east-west road we left earlier to explored the Guarded Treasure event. Where these paths reunite you'll find some Bandits (level five) attacking two merchants-Griwold and Anselm. Kill the Bandits and you'll be thanked by the merchants, who give you the pay set aside for their treacherous bodyguards.

Objective	Reward
For rescuing the merchants	25 XP
20 Crowns
Hidden Treasure: Tough Luck (Level 18)
Continue past the merchant's wagon and follow the road beyond to the north-east, ignoring a road to the south along the way. When the path splits north-east/north-west, head north-west until you spot a wagon north of the road. Head over to it, where you'll discover a "Hidden Treasure" event.

During the day you'll find a Foglet (level four), while at night there will be a pair of Nekkers (level eighteen). Naturally, you want to meet the former here, not the latter. Once the monster(s) are dead, search a body near the wagon to find a "Letter" to start the quest "Tough Luck". Read the Letter, then search to the south-west to find another-a women's-body, where you can find a "Small Key". Take it and open a chest that's losing a battle with gravity.

Monster Nest (level 9)
Backtrack to the east, then continue following the the road to the north-east, past a wagon north of the road (deja vu?), where you'l find a Ghoul nest. Kill the Ghouls (level nine) and blow up their nest north of the road. Once done, search around a wagon to the south of the road to find a chest.

Objective	Reward
For destroying the Monster Nest	20 XP
Bandit Camp (level 5)
Continue along the road to the north-east until you find a Bandit Camp south of the road, marked by abandoned wagons and ruined houses. Kill the Deserters (level five) nearby and loot a chest south of a destroyed building, near a campfire. There are also Ghouls (level two) prowling both north and south of the road.

Monster Nests (level 9)
A short ways along the road to the north-east you'll find a fork with new roads to the north (through an unmarked Nilfgaardian fort) and south-east. Standing in front of the fort, head due east into the wilderness, where you'll find a pair of Ghoul Nests near a destroyed trebuchet. Kill the Ghouls (level nine), then bomb their nests.

From the Ferry Station to Oxenfurt
Ferry Station
From the trebuchet, head south to find a road, which you should follow more or less south-east until you reach the Ferry Station. Kill some Ghouls (level nine), then loot the nearby house, the bodies south of it, and the docks. The Ferry Station serves a fine hub for the south-eastern part of this island, and there's plenty to do around it. To the north you'll find a "Treasure Hunt" event, along the shore to the west is a "Guarded Treasure" event, while finally, along the road to the south-east you'll find an "Abandoned Site".

Treasure Hunt: Lost Goods (level 4)
Head north into the wilderness until you find the "Treasure Hunt" event. At the map marker is a body which you can loot for "Nilfgaardian's Notes", which starts the quest "Lost Goods". Read the notes, then venture to the east to find a jetty, guarded by a pack of Drowners (level four). Kill them, then loot the parcels near the dock, and the chest in the swamp east of the dock to finish the quest.

Guarded Treasure (level 9)
From the Ferry Station follow a road running west along the shore. At the end of this road you'll find a larger than usual pack of Drowners (level nine) guarding a chest and some parcels on a beached boat. Try to kill them peicemeal, as there are quite a few of them, and they're clustered up pretty well. Once they're dead loot the nearby containers.

Abandoned Site (level 9)
Travel along a road south-east from the Ferry Station until you find a riverside fort, now abandoned to time and Necrophages. Four Ghouls (level nine) are led by an Alghoul (level nine). The Ghouls do an unfortunately effective job of serving as a distraction while fighting the Alghoul, which makes this encounter tougher than the lone level thirteen Alghoul we dispatched earlier. Try to lure the Ghouls out if you can-dispatching them one at a time... or at least, without the Alghoul present. If not, dodging, fast attacks, and Igni should work well enough. When the area is cleared a squad of Nilfgaardian soldiers will occupy the place, providing you with a merchant you can deal with, in the process.

Objective	Reward
For liberating the Abandoned Site	120 XP
50 Crowns
Abandoned Site (level 9)
Only one more event to do before we hit Oxenfurt... and it's another "Abandoned Site" event! Backtrack north, through the Ferry Station, back all the way to the Nilfgaardian fort we found earlier. Go through the fort and follow the road beyond until you find a fork to the south-east. Ignore the fork itself, and instead run due east at this point to find the "Abandoned Site", which is infested by some Drowners (level nine). Kill them and some Redanians will move in. Again, you'll get a new merchant to utilize.

Objective	Reward
For liberating the Abandoned Site	120 XP
50 Crowns
Oxenfurt
Return to the road by traveling west, then follow the road north until you reach a camp outside of Oxenfurt. Find the bridge leading over the river to the north-east to reach Oxenfurt, which you should be able to enter by presenting the "Letter of Safe Passage" to the guards near the gate. Once done, head on inside.

Head to the northern end of Oxenfurt to find the house Tamara is hiding in. Once inside you'll be pestered by the fisherman's brother before he brings Tamara out to talk to you. Hear her side of the story, and ask about her future plans before you're interrupted by a representative of the Eternal Fire. Before Tamara leaves, Geralt gives her the doll from the Bloody Baron. Loot the house before you leave, as you can find a "Mysterious Letter" in a container near the front windows.

Objective	Reward
For talking to Tamara	150 XP

Other Quests in and Around Oxenfurt
There's more to do in Oxenfurt, while we're here and all. New city means new merchants-in the case of the Armorer and Blacksmith, both are of Journeyman caliber, and are therefore capable of forging Griffin set items. You should be level seven by now, at least, and if you don't already have those weapons (and you still need an upgrade), consider making them. The Armorer also sells "Ibrahim Savi's First Map", for what that's worth.

Even better, both play Gwent, though they're actually pretty difficult opponents. And easier Gwent challenge can be found in the form of a Merchant, who can be found loitering north of the notice board. South of the notice board, in his inn, you'll find Stjepen, one of the three innkeepers we need to beat as part of the quest "Gwent: Playing Innkeeps". Beat him, and take his "Yennefer of Vengerberg" Hero Card, which has 7 Strength and the "Medic" ability, making it a worthy addition to any deck. Once done, buy the "Dwarven Skirmisher", "Mahakaman Defender", "Vrihedd Brigade Veteran" and "Commanders Horn" Cards (remember to return here once in a while-you can score a total of three"Commanders Horn" Cards from him in total).

Objective	Reward
For defeating Stjepen at Gwent	25 XP
Yennefer Card
Speaking of the notice board... go give that a look. Grab the notices "Beware of Trolls", "Contract: Monster in Oxenfurt" and "Contract: Beast in the Oxenfurt Forest" to start the quests "The Volunteer", "Contract: The Oxenfurt Drunk" and "Contract: Creature from the Oxenfurt Forest", respectively. What a busy little notice board... All of these quests are a little high level right now... okay, "The Volunteer" is passable, but the other two... they're a long way off.

Head over to the Blacksmith and enter a house south of where he works. Go downstairs to the bottom floor and use your Witcher Senses to spot a cat drawing on the wall to the north-east. Search it, then head down a ladder to the south-east to reach a cellar that connects to a chamber with two gated doors lining it. Use your Witcher Senses to spot a brick you can manipulate along the wall to the north. Doing so will open up a secret door to the north-west, beyond which is a chamber containing a chest, which in turn contains the Diagram: Enhanced Feline Trousers.

Bandit Camp (level 9)
While we're in the Oxenfurt area, there are a few areas we've yet to explore on the nearby island, namely the eastern and central bits, so why not do that now? Leave Oxenfurt via the main bridge to the west, then head south-west to reach the "Stonecutters' Settlement". Aside from the signpost, there's not much here to bother with. Continue south-west to discover the "Devil's Pit" signpost, north of which is a Bandit Camp filled with Deserters (level nine). They're rather numerous, but spread out, so you probably won't have to fight more than two or three at once. It's also a prime spot to knock foes off ledges with Aard-just parry them, hit them with Aard, and laugh. Loot the camp when the Deserters are all dead to finish this event.

Codger's Quarry
Remember back during the "Crossing the Pontar" section of the guide when we went (briefly) out of our way to discover the "Codger's Quarry"? Sure you do. Fast travel there now (or, if you haven't been there, it's north-west of the "Stonecutters' Settlement".) Head into the quarry and defeat a Peasant (level thirteen), then loot around the quarry. Head into a cave to the south-west to find a chest containing the Diagram: Enhanced Feline Gauntlets.

Monster Nest (level 6)
Leave Codger's Quarry and follow the road north, then when it bisects another road, follow it north-east. Now you're near the ruined bridge near which we cleared a Monster Nest (full of Nekkers). Follow the road opposite the bridge and head east, igoring the first road to the north, but taking the second. Head along this road until it eventually leads to another Monster Nest, this one populated by Rotfiends (level six) near the remains of an army camp. Kill the Necrophages and destroy-then loot-the nest.

Hidden Treasure (level 4)
From this Monster Nest head north-east onto an island. There are four islands, loosely connected, and each one of them have some quest or event on them. The northern-most and eastern-most of the islands have events that are beyond us right now, but this central island has a Hidden Treasure event on it. The area nearby is guarded by Drowners (level four), but along the way you may encounter Drowners (level nine) and Foglets (level four).

Dispatch the Necrophages, then use your Witcher Senses to follow a blood trail back to a body near a tent. Search the corpse for a Bloodstained Key and a Bloodstained Document-picking up these objects starts the quest "Blood Gold". Activate your Witcher Senses and follow a blood trail to the north-west to find some debris. Part it with Aard to find a chest, inside which you'll find a variety of loot including the sword Headhunter.

The Volunteer (level 13)
Now head to the southern end of the southern island-where you'll find the "White Eagle Fort" signpost... along with a singing Troll. Discover the signpost and loot the camp the Troll occupies to find the Diagram: Enhanced Griffin Armor in a chest just north of the Troll. Nice. Talk to the critter to discover how it got "recruited" and to learn about the mishap that left it alone here. If you decide the Troll is too dangerous, you can provoke it by voicing your concerns, after which you'll have to put down the Rock Troll (level thirteen)-just use Quen, and the good old Strong Attack/Dodge combo and you'll whittle it down-just stay at middling ranges, out of melee range, but not so far that you tempt it to throw stones at you. If you're close enough and it goes to chuck rocks at you, you can take the opportunity to strike it before it manages. Despite its level, it's not a very tough foe. This completes the quest, but it's more lucrative to let it live, in which case it'll ask you to head to town and buy some paint.

Objective	Reward
For killing the Rock Troll	50 XP
Fast-travel back to Oxenfurt and return to the Merchant near the armorer, who happens to sell the Paint you need. It'll set you back about 16 Crowns, which is a paltry sum. Buy it, then return to the Troll and give him the paint. He'll encounter another problem, which you can either help him with, or force him to do himself... to find out that the Troll has a surprising artistic bent, and Geralt... should stick to swords and never torture a paint brush again. The reward is the same either way.

Objective	Reward
For painting-or watching the Troll paint-the Redanian coat of arms	50 XP
Diagram: Gven'nel
Diagram: Axeman's Guantlets
10 Goat Hide
5 Deer Hide
Griffin Armor (Part One)
We should have been able to craft our Griffin Swords by now, if not a while ago, depending on your own initiative. With the Griffin Silver Sword in hand and a few more levels to our credit, we can now finish off the rest of this scavanger hunt by finding the armor. It also gives us an excuse to head back to Lindenvale, where we've got a few more quests we can complete.

The Fall of House Reardon (Level 6)
Fast travel back to Lindenvale and head south-east from the notice board to find Dolores, who will bemoan her fate when you talk to her. Offer to help her and she'll hand over a Lockbox Key, with which you can loot some treasures from inside the house. Dolores herself doesn't care about the treasure-she just wants the house. We'll end up doing this quest along the way, but for now, it's enough that we started it.

Note: Starting this will also start "Ghosts of the Past" if you have both 1) visited Reardon Manor and encounter any of the traps outside, and 2) spared Letho's life in the last game... or at least told the Nilfgaardians that you did.

Contract: The Merry Widow (level 10)
Return to the signpost and from it head east to find the Gravedigger near his house. Talk to him about the contract and he'll tell you about some suspected Necrophage activity. Haggle with him, or just accept the quest, then head to the cemetery, which is located slightly north and to the east.

When you arrive, put down some Wild Dogs (level five) then after Geralt comments on the obvious, search one of several graves north of the chapel to learn some of the digger's means (or lack thereof), then search a grave west of the chapel to discover a scent trail. Follow the trail over a wall, down a hill across a broken bridge (which you'll have to leap over a gap to cross) and finally to a cottage along a road south-east of Lindenvale. Search the various implements in the hut-and the skulls in the corner-to identify the beast, then Geralt formulates a plan of action.

Objective	Reward
For identifying the beast	10 XP
Grab the Grave Hag Skulls after searching them, head to the cemetery, and place the skulls on the stone shrine in the chapel... if you can get Geralt to stop targeting the candles, anyways. Once done, Geralt will rest until nightfall, when the Grave Hag shows up to confront the thief who stole her skulls. She's an easy fight-her attacks are quite predictable, just dodge and counter with the strong style. The "rule-of-three" prevails here as well. Once she's dead, loot her body for a Grave Hag Mutagen, the Silver Sword Addan Deith, and a Grave Hag Trophy, among other things. All you have to do now is collect your reward.

Objective	Reward
For slaying the Grave Hag, Mourntart	240 XP
180 Crowns
Bandit Camp (level 10)
Return to the cemetery, and from there travel north-west to find a Bandit Camp north of a road running east-west. Kill the Bandits (levels nine and ten) on the ground, then climb a nearby watch tower to find the chest they were guarding.

Abandoned Site (level 5)
Backtrack south to reach the road running east-west across the north of this land, and continue east. After some running you'll reach a road leading south-east. Take it down to discover an "Abandoned Site" guarded by some miscreant (level five). Slaughter them to have more honest folk move in, including a Merchant and an Herbalist.

Objective	Reward
For liberating the Abandoned Site	120 XP
50 Crowns
Bandit Camp (level 7)
From the refugee camp head west to find a road running uphill to the south. Follow it south until you near the end, where it turns east. Instead of following it further, veer off south-west into the wilderness until you find a "Bandit Camp" atop a hill jutting out abruptly over the land below. Kill the Bandits (level seven) inhabiting the area, then loot their camp, including a chest filled with valuables near some rocks atop the hill.

Lurch
Return east to the road we left earlier, then follow it to its southern end, as which point continue along it to the east. Shortly you should reach the town of Lurch, which isn't terribly interesting, although their are a few houses you can loot for their petty goods. Head north through the town to discover its signpost, then continue north to find a house with slaughtered peasants inside-peasants who are being searched by a Criminal (level three). Kill him and loot the house. This house is just south-east of a bridge that leads to the large island outside of Oxenfurt, near an "Abandoned Site" and a "Hidden Treasure" we cleared earlier.

Bandit Camp (level 9)
Follow the road from the house to the east, then south-east to discover a Bandit Camp near an unusually large tree. Dispatch the Bandits (levels seven and nine) and loot the chest they have in a crude tent.

Treasure Hunt: Out of the Frying Pan, Into the Fire (level 9)
South-east of this Bandit Camp you'll spot a hill overlooking the road, atop which sits a pillaged village, now home to Ghouls (levels seven and nine). Smite the Necrophages, then loot around the village. In particular there are some corpses in a burnt-down house, some parcels on and near a wagon, and plenty of beehives around, for what that's worth (about 36-72 Crowns per hive, to the right merchant, that's what!)

Along the southern end of the village you'll find a closed door leading to some area built down into the hill. Blast it open with Aard to find some parcels well worth looting, and a corpse on a cot which can be searched for some "Crumpled Notes" and a "Key to Treasure Chest". Very descriptive. This starts the quest "Out of the Frying Pan, Into the Fire". Read the note, leave the cellar, and head to the northern end of the search area to find a haystack overlooking the road below. Seach the eastern end of the haystack to find a treasure chest buried in the hay.

Reardon Manor
Head south through the village to find a road south of the village. Follow another road braching off of it to the south-east, and when you reach a fork continue south. At length you should find Reardon Manor. The details of this quest will vary quite a bit depending on how you responded to the Nilfgaardians during your interrogation back in Vizima. If you told the Nilfgaardians you killed Letho (and your words are reality), the manor grounds will be littered with traps, which you can highlight with your Witcher Senses. Discovering a trap will start the quest "Ghosts of the Past". For now we'll focus on dealing with "The Fall of House Reardon", and complete all the tasks involving that quest, which will be the similar regardless of Letho's status.

Explore the manor grounds to discover that it's haunted by Wraiths (level seven) if you told the Nilfs that Letho is dead. Otherwise, the grounds will be littered with traps. That's the major different between letting Letho live and letting Letho die for now-Traps or Wraiths. Defeat the Wraith and go towards the middle of the estate. On your left should be a Shack, if you use your Witcher Senses the door will glow red and you can break it down with Aard. Destroy the door and search the shack. In the far right corner you will find "Dolores Reardon's Diary", which you should read to confirm her story about the suitor. Loot the the shack, then leave.

Head west of the well to find a building with two doors, being wary of other Wraiths that might appear, and dispatching any you come across. If you enter through the northern of the two doors (which has a nasty trip-wire/crossbow trap in front of it if you let Letho live) you'll find a chest in the north-western corner that contains the "Sturdy Barn Key". Pick it up and head through the southern door. Activate your Witcher Senses as you go through the left door and on your left by the stairs up will be a painting, examine it and Geralt will note that the other person in the painting is Dolores's brother and they are twins. Go up the stairs for some more low end junk.

Once outside, turn south and you will see a large barn. From outside the barn head east and you will spot another pair of Wraiths behind the house. Once they've been banished the quest will update, informing you that you've cleared out the monsters. Before we go, however, we should collect our reward. Return to the front of the barn and unlock the smaller door east of the larger one through which we already went. Put up your Witcher Senses and across from the door and slightly to your left you should see some glowing red writing and a box beside it on the ground. Examine the writing, then examine the box, which contains the reward Dolores told us about.

Objective	Reward
For opening the chest	50 XP
100 Florens
Along the southern side of the barn you'll find a set of stairs going down into a cellar. Head down the stairs and loot the containers, then use your Witcher Senses to discover something hinky with the wall in the north-eastern corner of the cellar. Examine it, then destroy it with Aard!! Behind the wall, you'll find-surprise surprise-a skeleton and some "Loose Scraps of Paper" from the journal we read earlier. Read them to make a grisly discovery.

Now, if you've cleared out the Wraiths you can safely return to town to find Dolores in the inn. Tell her about what happened, let her read the letter, and the quest will end. If you kept Letho alive, we'll take a more eventful route to reach Lindenvale.

Objective	Reward
For talking to Dolores after clearing the manor	80 XP
Ghosts of the Past (level 6)
If not, however, head back to the barn and go through some large double doors, beyond which you'll spot some more nasty crossbow traps on the ground. Disarm them, loot the place, then approach a ladder in a stall to the south. Pick the device up and Geralt will use it to reach the loft, where Geralt will find an old frenemy... Question him and learn the reason for his traps, and you'll see that very reasons arrive in the flesh. Letho will mention a rat named Louis and ask you to help him deal with his pursuers, although the choice is moot.

Objective	Reward
For talking to Letho	25 XP
Loot the loft, then head down the ladder (Letho can apparently absorb fall damage better than Geralt). Don't worry, he'll be fine, no matter how slow we are. Once you're out on the manor grounds, help fight off a batch of Headhunters (levels six to eight), then Letho will talk to you again. When he's done, offer to help him track down Louis.
Loot the bodies, mount up, then follow Letho, who will tell you a little story. When you reach the camp you and Letho will confront Louis. As one might expect, things end in violence. Dispatch Louis (level nine) and his goons (level six) and Letho will continue his chat from a position of somewhat more authority. Letho gets the information he wants, and leaves Louis to his fate.

Mount your horse and ride with Letho again, where you'll get more story-time. Return to Lindenvale and Letho will lead you to some horses that can't possibly be owned by anybody in this town. Letho will chat with a kid, then tell you to stay put. When Letho gets into trouble, Geralt will interfere. The bounty hunters warn Geralth off, and you can either cut down Vester (level eight) and his minions (levels six and eight), or stay out of trouble.

If you fight the bounty hunters Letho will complain that you spoiled his plans. If you leave the bounty hunters alone, encourage them to take Letho's medallion to prove that he's dead. Geralt gives them plenty of incentive to do so. Later, Letho will reveal his ruse, and head off. Now is a fine time to talk to Delores and finish off her quest, too.

Note: If you followed Letho's advice and helped him complete his ruse, then suggest he goes to Kaer Morhen, it'll affect the quest "The Battle of Kaer Morhen" later. It's a good thing.

Witcher Wannabe (level 10)
There should now be another quest available in Lindenvale, which we're in a fine position to start. Talk to the Ealdorman, who should be standing across from the notice board. He'll complain that some roguish Witcher seduced his daughter. The ever virtuous and chaste Geralt decides to take matters into his own hands, to clear the good name of Witchers everywhere. This starts the quest "Witcher Wannabe."

Return to the cemetery again and smite a Ghoul (level ten) near the entrance. Use your Witcher Senses to find some footprints, which lead you to your fellow Witcher, who is busy cowering near a sarcophagus. The coward will talk to you and expose his wrong-doings, shortly after which some visitors will arrive and question the arrival of a second Witcher. Either lie to cover for the fake Witcher, or call him out for the fraud he is. If you lie on his behalf, Geralt will also make up a bogus Witcher rule, which imposes some form of punishment on the fraud.

Objective	Reward
For rescuing the "Witcher"	10 XP
For dealing with the fraud	75 XP

Downwarren
Well, that was simple enough. Head back to Lindenvale and from there fast-travel back to the Reardon Manor. Venture south through the manor, then continue south down a road. When the road turns south-east, instead veer off to the south-west to discover Downwarren. Play Gwent with the Merchant here, but ignore the notice board. Despite what your map might say, we can't start any quests here yet. Discovering the signpost will speed things up later, though.

Place of Power
Head uphill and take a road that loops around the western-most house of the village. Follow the road south across a bridge, then south-west, cross a stream, then continue west over a somewhat less intact bridge. When the road splits, take the northern of the two forks. When it forks again, head north again. Along the way you might encounter some aeriel critters, including Harpies (level six) and a Wyvern (level nine). Continue following the road as it zig-zags uphill and, when the road starts to head downhill, veer off the road to the north, endeavoring to climb the mountain. If there's grass, you can run there. That, and a little jumping, should get you to the top, where you'll find a Place of Power. Suck up that delicious ability point, then head back down the hill the way you came up.

Dragonslayer's Grotto (level 11)
Once you're back on the road, follow it west, then downhill, across a bridge to the south, and into a forest. When the road turns west again, depart from the road and head up through the forest to the north-east. Be wary of Endrega as you head through the forest. When you discover the signpost, head south-east and drop down a ledge, then go through a doorway in the darkness beyond. These tunnels are haunted by Wraiths (level seven) which isn't necessarily a bad thing, as again, they can drop various gem powders which are useful in crafting weapons, and expensive to buy.

After dealing with whatever Wraiths attack you, go through a doorway to the south and loot the room beyond, perhaps banishing a few more Wraiths if they bother you. Most of the loot worth grabbing is along the eastern wall. Go through another doorway to the south where you'll even even more loot, including a generous chest in the north-western corner of the chamber, and two parcels and and chest along the southern end of the room, near a tombstone.

Backtrack north to the entrance tunnel then continue heading east. When you reach a dead-end, turn north and go through a doorway, then down another tunnel to the east. When you reach another dead-end, activate your Witcher Senses to spot a wall you can destroy with Aard. Go through the hole in the wall you made and behold a gas-filled tunnel heading east. Use Igni to blast away the gas as you advance, then turn south to reach a gas-free area.

Climb a ledge to the south (or blast the rocks out of the way with Aard) to reach a chamber occupied by an Ekimmara-a form of Vampire. It's level eleven, but if you've crafted the Griffin Silver Sword (and can use it-making you at least level seven), it should be too hard to beat. You can use Yrden when it's "invisible" to force it to appear, but it's just as easy to dodge its attack. The rule-of-three works well for Ekimmara-dodge an attack, hit him with three strong silver attacks, then dodge again, using Quen as necessary to cover up incidental damage.

Once it's dead, get to looting-on the ground floor there's a weapon rack and a chest to loot. On the upper level, surrounding a sarcophagus, there are several crates and the glowing, wonderful chest that contains "Witcher George's Journal," Diagram: Griffin Armor, Diagram: Griffin Trousers, Diagram: Griffin Boots, Diagram: Griffin Gauntlets. Score. There are also a few crates to the west.

Note: There are some rocks blocking a cave at the back of this area which can be highlighted with your Witcher Senses. They can be removed with an object we'll retrieve shortly, but since they just open up an alternate route into this cave, there's really not much point.

Guarded Treasure (level 12)
Follow a trail leading away (north-west) from Dragonslayer's Grotto until it broadens into a wider road, which you should continue on as it runs west, then south. When it bisects a road running east-west, follow this new road to the west, ignoring a fork to the south-west. The road you're on will turn north-west, then west. North of the road here you'll find a "Guarded Treasure" event in the form of a tent, near which a Bear (level twelve) lurks. Kill it, then search the eastern end of the tent. There are also some containers to loot in the less intact south of the road.

From Blackbough to Midcopse
Now, we could return to the Bloody Baron and tell him about our meeting with his daughter, but aside from updating the still ongoing quest "Family Matters" this doesn't to much. He'll just tell us to keep looking for his missing wife... whom we have no leads on. That being the case, we might as well look for this Witch Ciri tangled with. Of course, this gives an excuse to explore everything between our closest signpost (Blackbough) and Midcopse. Don't worry, most of these events are quite low-level, and can be done briskly. Since we've encountered similar events before, we need not discuss them quite as thoroughly as we did during our run to Oxenfurt.

Fists of Fury: Velen (level 11)
Fast travel to Blackbough and, while you're there, considering indulging in some fist-fighting by talking to the Bookie, who will, if you're brave enough, put you against Jonah. Careful, he bites! We already beat a stronger (or at least, more lucrative) foe in Fishgulper back in Lindenvale, so put up your bet, then your dukes. While we're at it, we might as well finish up this quest, since it just requires a bit of fast travel.

Return to the Inn at the Crossroads and head inside the inn, where you'll find some fine, upstanding patrons boxing. In this appropriate venue you'll find another Bookie. Make your best and lay the smackdown on Smithy. Next stop-Crow's Peak. In front of the stables by the keep you'll find some more boxers. Talk to the Sergeant, then engage in some fisticuffs. Why does he get to keep his armor on when we don't? Oh well, it doesn't help him any. Win and you'll be proclaimed the champion of Velen, then directed to continue your violent ways in Novigrad and Skellige. All in good time...

Objective	Reward
For defeating Jonah	25 XP
2-100 Crowns
For defeating Smithy	
25 XP

2-140 Crowns

For becoming the champion of Velen	75 XP
2-160 Crowns
Guarded Treasure (level 4)
Return to Blackbough and head west to find a beached boat guarded by several Drowners (level four). Kill them and a stronger, purple Drowner (level four) will rise from the water and attack. Once that beast is put down, loot the corpses near one of the boats.

Lynch Mob (level 7)
Head south-west along the nearby road until you discover the "Hangman's Alley" signpost. West of here you'll find a group of Nordlings about to hang a Nilfgaardian deserter... for reasons of pure vengeance. If you leave the event without doing anything, the Nordlings will go about their bloody business, so be sure to deal with it now. Talk to one of the Peasants and decide whether you want to help stop the violence by perpetrating more violence, or if you want to maintain your Witcher neutrality and let things proceed. If you take the former approach the Nilf will thank you, and head off to his wife and newborn daughter. If you take the latter... well, you can loot the strung-up Nilf for a letter that confirms his motivations.

Objective	Reward
For saving the Nilfgaardian from the Lynch Mob	25 XP
Hidden Treasure: Sunken Treasure (level 4)
North-west of the "Hangman's Alley" signpost, along the shore, you'll find a "Hidden Treasure" event. Search a decomposed corpse for a "Water-Damaged Letter" to start the quest "Sunken Treasure". Read the letter, then, from the corpse, swim north to find a sunken ship guarded by two Drowners (level ten). Near the ship you'll find an odd shell and a chest, which if you loot for its surprisingly meagre contents, will complete this quest.

Abandoned Site (level 7)
Continue west along the shore until you find an "Abandoned Site" occupied by several Bandits (level seven). Smite them and Peasants will move in, including an Herbalist. Inside the house you'll find some containers worth looting, and a "Letter" on the bed.

Objective	Reward
For liberating the Abandoned Site	150 XP
50 Crowns
Hidden Treasure: A Costly Mistake (level 18)
Keep heading along the coast to the west to find a "Hidden Treasure" event. Kill a pair of Drowners (level four) and loot a nearby corpse to find some "Smuggler's Notes," starting the quest "A Costly Mistake." Read the notes, then swim towards a large, sunken ship to the south-west. In these waters you'll have to dispatch Drowners (levels four and ten) with your trusty crossbow. They respawn rather quickly (especially to the south), and actually, can be farmed quite easily, should you be of a mind to engage in such an exercise. Search along the submerged western end of this ship to find a chest which contains, amongst other goodies, the Silver Sword Maugrim. As usual, you can come back to this later if you wish to fish for a superior (higher level) version of this weapon.

Guarded Treasure (level 15)
From the sunken ship we (may) have just looted swim south-east to find a small island with part of a ruined ship on it. Search the remains of this derelict vessel to find a chest containing valuable loot. From here, swim south to find another island that provides a resting spot for a somewhat more intact ship. Along the southern end of this ship you'll find another pair of treasure chests, one of which has exceptional loot inside.

Swim west to find another island, where you can find a "Guarded Treasure" event. To score the loot here, you'll need to best a Noonwraith (level fifteen), which may be a bit of a challenge if you're too low of a level. Just remember what we learned back in White Orchard-if you attack while the wraith is outside of Yrden, you'll deal about 10% of your potential damage, which is not a winning formula. Strong attack, then dodge back, and keep Yrden up, and if that fails, come back when you're stronger. Between two halves of a sundered ship you'll find a chest that contains the valuable loot we're looking for. There are also several scattered barrels around.

Bandit Camp (level 7)
Swim east back to the mainland and continue east until you find a road, at which point head south. At a crossroads you'll find a Bandit Camp. Kill the Bandits (level seven) then loot a chest near a campfire for some quality loot. Another chest can be found by a wagon along the road to the east, with somewhat less valuable loot inside.

Person(s) In Distress (level 6)
From the Bandit Camp head north-east to find another, larger camp occupied by Renegades (levels five and six). Kill them and loot their leader for a "Cage Key" which can be used on a nearby cage to free a Barber, who invites you to peruse his services if you ever stop by Claywich. Fair enough.

Loot the camp for loot of varying quality, the best of which will probably be found in a chest near a tent along the eastern edge of camp. This signature loot will be diluted by a collection low-quality weapons, which conspire to fill your inventory. Near a tent along the western end of the camp you'll find some "Bandit's Notes". Seems that our friendly, civilized Nilfs are no more civilized than the ancient Athenians were. Oh well... Refugees will take control of this site after you leave.

Guarded Treasure (level 9)
Speaking of which, head south from the cage to find a trail running south-east, then east. When you reach a crossroads, head south-east to find a burnt-down house, now a gathering spot for Endrega (level nine), mostly easily-smote Workers. Crush the bugs, then loot two chests, one of which has a selection of quality goodies.

So ends the first part of our exploration between Blackbough and Midcopse. If you're allergic to loot, you can follow the nearby road north of the Guarded Treasure to the south-east, then south to reach Midcopse. If you wish to keep searching this area, on the other hand, continue to the next section.

Bandit Camp (level 9)
From the burnt-down house follow a trail south to reach a modest Bandit Gamp. Kill a trio of Bandits (level nine) then loot a chest near a tree. Continue south from the camp and you might be attacked by a host of Endrega (level nine) led by an Arachasae (level eleven). Kill the lesser bugs, then focus on the Arachasae. This big critter can spit streams of poison in a cone, and it can hold you in place temporarily with webbing, so be prepared to dodge if you see it acting strange. Sounds tricky, but the Quen and the "rule-of-three" works fine. Continue south until you reach a crossroads, at which point briefly follow a road to the east to find a "Forest Hut" which can be looted-it comes complete with a signpost, too.

Bandit Camp (level 10)
Return west to the crossroads and from here follow the road south to find another Bandit Camp. Kill three more Bandits (level ten) then search a pair of containers near a tree. Once done, head along a trail to the south, then when you reach another crossroads venture up a trail to the north-west, when it splits, follow the western of the two branches to eventually reach the beach. The trail will fade away in the game-but not on your minimap. In any event, if you keep heading north-west, you'll get to where we're going.

Hidden Treasure: Queen Zuleyka's Treasure (level 4)
This place is lousy with Bandits (level seven)-over a dozen of them in all, including several archers. Defeat this horde, then search up and down the beach for various containers to loot, during which you should discover the "Coast of Wrecks" signpost. If you stray too far from the pirate's camp, you'll discover that some refugees-including a Merchant-have moved in.

More interestingly, on a cot near a campfire you can find some "Pirate's Notes," which, when obtained, starts the quest "Queen Zuleyka's Treasure." Read the notes and swim to the search area north of where we (may have) fought the Noonwraith earlier and dive to find a sunken ship. Dispatch any Drowners (levels four or ten) nearby, then swim into the ship, which you can enter through the eastern side. Inside you'll find a large shell and a chest to loot.

Guarded Treasure (level 6)
Return to shore near the "Treasure Hunt" event we just cleared, then follow the shore south-west, then west to find "Guarded Treasure" event. Kill the nearby Drowners (level six) and loot a chest and a corpse near a dead whale. Near a broken tree to the west you'll find another corpse worth looting.

Hidden Treasure (level 4)
Circle around the dead whale-if you're squeamish, try not to stare at its spilled intestines-and swim to an island to the south-west, where you can find a chest with worthwhile loot inside. From here, swim south-east to find a Hidden Treasure event complete underwater. Kill a Drowner (level four) then search a chest near the southern edge of the search area.

Bandit Camp (level 7)
Swim south to reach a small peninsula then make your way inland to find some ruins, now occupied by a host of Pirates (level seven). Kill then, then, from the northern entrance to these ruins look south-west and go up a short flight of stairs to find a chest, which contains the Diagram: Enhanced Griffin Steel Sword. Score. It's a fine upgrade for when you hit level fourteen, so keep your old sword around. Of less interest, you can loot the Pirate Captain for the "Pirate Leader's Notes" which links this group of pirates to the horde we killed to the north. As for the Enhanced Griffin Sword... we'll have to find its silver counterpart sooner or later, but that can wait until we're a higher level.

Smuggler's Cache
Loot a dug-up grave to the east of the ruins to score another shot at some decent loot, then head south-west of the ruins. Dive into the water and swim to the south-west to find a "Smuggler's Cache" event, where three chests-moored to barrels-have been sunk. Help yourself to even more loot, then cackle gleefully as you swim back to shore.

Abandoned Site (level 5)
Return to the ruins and follow a road to the north, then north east, until this road forks. No sense in backtracking to the north... or east, for that matter. In fact, screw the roads! Troop off into the wilderness to the north-east to find an Abandoned Site. If you were hoping to be done with killing large groups of humans... well, you're out of luck here. A horde of Bandits (level five) occupy a camp here, including plenty of archers. At least here you can use tents to provide cover against missiles, if you find that effective. Once the Bandits are dead, refugees will move in, and here-unlike the other refugee camps we've created-will get a signpost, aptly named "Refugees' Camp". There will also be an Herbalist here.

Objective	Reward
For liberating the Abandoned Site	120 XP
50 Crowns
Bandit Camp (level 10)
Loot the camp and head east, abandoning the refugees so they can worship their weird idol. Pass a road and, slightly to the south you'll find a Bandit Camp. Kill the Bandits (level ten) then loot a chest near a tree. From here, you just need to head south-east to find Midcopse, and we've done everything between Blackbough and our destination... and hopefully have come off somewhat better off for it.

Hunting A Witch
Midcopse
In Midcopse, ask random peasants (who will get a quest marker when you approach them) where to find the witch. An Old Man sitting along the road leading out of town to the west should point you in the right direction. Well, that was simple. Alternatively, you can bother a peasant women west of the Blacksmith, who will complain about her lazy husband. After this, go speak to said lazy husband and he'll tell you about the witch for a bribe (50 Crowns) or with the prodding of the Axii Sign.

Before you leave, play Gwent with a Armorer and a Merchant, buy "Edwin Greloff's First Map" and "Edwin Greloff's Second Map" from the Armorer which starts the first two parts of the quest "Scavanger Hunt: Griffin School Diagrams", then grab the "Contract: Jenny o' the Woods" to start a quest of the same name. It's a short enough diversion, so why not take care of it?

Objective	Rewards
For using Axii on the peasant and learning where the witch lives	40 XP
Contract: Jenny O' the Woods (level 10)
Talk to Ealdorman Balko and he'll give you the details of the contract, directing you to speak to an eye-witness named Agneta. As is usual of "eye-witness" testimony, it leaves much to be desired, but she does give us a time and location, which is helpful enough. Head to the fields north-west of the village and use your Witcher Senses around the middle of the search area to pick up some tracks. Examine them, then examine a scrap of fabric near a bush. Follow some more tracks south, then west along a trail until you find a blood pool to search. Do so to discover an Assassin's Knife, then follow the trail further to find the site of the grave, where you'll find a "Letter Found in a Grave." Read it to discover the names of involved persons, after which Geralt will guess their motives, but suggest checking up with the Ealdorman.

Objective	Reward
For discovering the body	25 XP
Return to the Ealdorman and ask him about the names mentioned in the letter. He, like Agneta, isn't terribly helpful, but he will point you to a likely spot to search north-west of the village. Head to the new search area and near the center of the search area you'll find a small camp. Interact with the campfire and if it's not night already, rest until 10:00 (or later, but the Nightwraith will interrupt you at this time, anyways).

Fight her the same way you fought the Noonwraith(s) you fought earlier-Yrden to allow your Silver Sword to damage her (otherwise she takes 10% of your normal damage), strong attack, and dodge. When she blinds you, dispatch her clones quickly with fast attacks, then repeat the above process. Loot her remains for a Forgotten Vran Sword, a Nightwraith Trophy, and other goodies. Her, or one of her clones, will have also certainly dropped at least one Nightwraith Mutagen, for what that's worth. Return to the Ealdorman to collect your reward.

Objective	Reward
For slaying Jenny o' the Woods	240 XP
179 Crowns



Velen (Continued)
Meeting the Witch
Time to get back on track. You can follow the advice you got for reaching the witch, looking for this rock, that boulder, and so on... or you can take the road leading north from Midcopse (starting just east of the signpost) and taking the first right. Keep your Witcher Senses active and you should discover all the landmarks along the way. Near the wagon you'll have to dispatch a group of Nekkers (level six). Continue east to reach the witch's hut.

The witch will give the peasants some basic animal husbandry advice, after which they depart. Well, she might be somewhat terse, but as far as witches go, she seems alright. Head inside her hut and have a look around. Grab the letter "Recipe for Black Eyeliner" from a stool opposite the door (useful in case Geralt ever has to go goth), then investigate some pots on a table to the east. Seems we've come up with only the mundane, so far. Explore a room to the west where you can find a "Letter to Alexander" on the bed, some books on a table, a pentagram on the floor, a bauble on a desk... and of course you can loot the cellar.

When you're ready to get on with things, however, investigate a skull on a shelf along the southern end of the western room, which opens up a portal. No mere peddler of ointments and salves, this witch. Head through the portal to find a subterranean garden at the other side. The Witch-now named Keira Metz-invites us up to talk to her. Quit hassling us, woman! First grab the book "Elven Sages" from a bench to the east, then loot whatever plants you want. Then-and only then-head upstairs to meet with the witch.

Keira will greet you with a pleasant view, after which the two exchange in some playful banter. Ask her about her circumstances to find that she's fairly unhappy with current events. Going from a palace to a hut, beset on both sides by enemies can do that. When you're done with the small talk ask about Ciri to find out what Keira knows about her, which, sadly, is precious little. She does know somebody who might know more, however, and offers to lead us to him.

Objective	Reward
For finding the witch	100 XP
Wandering in the Dark (level 6)
Accept her offer and the two of you will travel to the meeting spot, far south of Midcopse. Head inside the ruins and Keira will conjure some light, presumably more for her benefit than ours, since Witchers can see well in the dark. Follow her down the stairs and loot a chest near a doorway for some quality goods.

Go through the doorway and Geralt will see these Elves we're looking for-who just so happen to be members of the Wild Hunt. Geralt will ask Keira to teleport them to the other side of a gap, which she'll comply too, albeit after complaining. Who can blame her? Who in their right minds would pursue the Wild Hunt? Geralt of Rivia, that's who. Head to the end of the ruins currently accessible to us, and Keira will make the portal. Follow her into it and you'll appear in a cave, separated from Keira... so continuing Geralt's misfortunes with-and subsequent hatred of-magical portals.

Head south and dispatch a trio of Drowners (level four) then go for a swim in the flooded tunnel beyond. Grab a chest to the left as you swim your way south, then eventually surface in some more tunnels. Two paths lie before you-south or south-west. Both paths lead to the same place. Either go south and drop down a ledge to reach a large cavern, or go south-west, blast a wall with Aard, kill a Foglet (level four) head south, then turn east and blast another wall with Aard.

Either way, you'll end up a large, watery, gas-filled chamber. Along the western end of the chamber you can find several Drowners (level four), and in the waters to the east lurks a Water Hag (level seven). There's also gas near the Drowners that needs to be cleared with Igni. A few treasure chests lie scattered around, but only one contains loot of particular interest. From the western entrance to this chamber, lure the Drowners out of the gas (or blast the gas while they're standing in it) then head onto a stone structure to the east, climb some stairs, then descend some more stairs further east. Turn south and head west around the stairs you just descended to find a small campsite, where you can find this chest.

Loot the chest, then continue east to reach a crossroads. A doorway leads you further into the ruins whether you head south or east. Going south is faster, going east is more lucrative. Head east and loot two chests, kill another Foglet (level four) then continue down a hallway to the south and up some stairs to reach a small room with a shrine, being otherwise unremarkable. Go through a doorway to the west, then south through a natural cavern, and finally west through another doorway to find Keira in grave peril, beset by, of all things, rats. Apparently she has an acute fear of the rodents, even going so far as to erect a magical barrier around herself. And who can blame her? Do you know the diseases they spread? Anyways, strain your Witcher prowess to the breaking point by dispatching these pests, then blow up their nests with bombs or with a blast of Igni. If Geralt ever becomes a cripple, he's always got a fallback career as an exterminator.

Objective	Reward
For destroying a rat nest	100 XP Each
After rescuing Keira, Geralt will convince her to continue exploring the ruins with him. Because she's been a great help so far. Like we need her screaming about rats while we're chasing down an army of phantom warriors. Anyways... go through a doorway to the south, up some stairs, into a new tunnel, then head west to recieve a message of sorts from the Elven mage we're searching for. Geralt, being somewhat of an expert on all things Ciri, deciphers the message's meaning.

Go south through another doorway, then yet another to reach another large, water-logged, gas-filled chamber. Hooray. Head down some stairs and both will comment about the scenery on hand. Blast some of the gas and make your want to a large stalagmite, around which the gas isn't immediately present. Make a stand against a host of Wraiths (level five) who show up, and witness Keira finally making good use of her talents-zapping Wraiths with lightning as the opportunity arises. North-west of this stalagmite you'll be able to find two treasure chests (once the gas around them is cleared, anyways) and to the west lies your destination.

Of course, you can score extra treasure by heading off the beaten path. If you go south into a smaller tunnel you'll find a small chest at its mouth, and a large chest near the end. Along the southern end of the chamber you'll find a tunnel leading west into some water. Take a swim (Keira will sit this one out) and loot a chest to your left shortly after diving in, and another one to your right further down. The chest to the left is quite a bit more lucrative than the later one, but both are worth plundering. Surface in a gasy chamber to the west, at the western end of which you'll find yet another chest with valuable loot inside, and a smaller, less lucrative chest nearer the water. When you get near the western-most chest a group of Wraiths (level five) will show up to contest your prize, albeit one at a time. Smite them and swim back east to reunite with Keira, then head down the proper tunnel.

Travel down this tunnel east, then north, grabbing mushrooms as you go. The food of the gods, as it were... Climb some ledges to the north and continue north-west until you return to the ruins. Go through a doorway to the west and find another mage-message, this time telling you to look for a horse. Cryptic mages...

Objective	Reward
For successfully following the swallow signs	100 XP
Ignore the obvious symbols throughout this room (they'll glow red when viewed with your Witcher Senses) and dive into the pool in the center of the room. Search a rock to the south to find the horse symbol you're looking for, then dive and loot a chest before swimming down a tunnel to the south-west. When you reach a dead-end surface, and scale a wall to the north, head up some stairs and search the wall to the west to find another horse run. Turn north-east and continue up a slope, then drop down a ledge to return to the room you were in earlier. As Keira will exclaim, a door will open near the mage message.

Note: If you activate one of the wrong symbols you and Keira will have to fight Wraith versions of yourselves (level seven). The Wraith Geralt will usually focus on Keira, using Quen once in a while to block some of your attacks. Kill him while he tries to kill Keira, then focus on the Wraith Keira.

Head through the doorway you just opened and continue north-west until you find a portal with the swallow sign above it. Use your Witcher Senses to highligh a smaller swallow sign near the door and activate it, which opens the portal. On the other side of the portal, Keira will make a "calm before the storm" reference, so make sure you're at full health... or fair enough, anyways. Head north-west into a larger chamber where you'll encounter a Golem. Despite being set up as a boss, this critter is a push-over. Use Quen to protect yourself, then just attack-dodge until it's dead. Keira will even help out with lightning, which occassionally stuns the beast. Loot it once it falls, then search the northern and southern ends of the room to score two chests-the one to the south being more lucrative.

When you're ready, continue west and climb a ledge, loot another generous chest along the western wall, then go through a pair of doorways to the south to reach another split in the path. This time, however, the tunnels don't unite later on, so it's a pretty simple choice. Head south into another tunnel, at the southern end of which is a chest half buried in rubble. Save its poor contents and offer them a home in your pockets, then go through a doorway to the east. The door will seal behind you, and at the eastern end of the hall a Gargoyle (level six) will attack. It's no more of a threat than the Golem was, however. Use Quen and chop it down, then loot another chest to the south.

Backtrack to the split in the path and now head east through a doorway and down some stairs to find room with another teleporter in it. Despite Keira's suggestion, there's no rush. Activate the swallow sign at your leisure, then head through the teleporter. When you arrive you'll get the unhappy news that the Wild Hunt is well ahead of you-apparently being able to reliably teleport allowed them to bypass all that nonsense we just did. Head up some stairs to the north and make a note of the fact that the Wild Hunt can easily dispatch the Golems here, too, then head up another two flights of stairs.

Continue north past another frozen Golem and go through another doorway to enter a large chamber where you'll encounter the Wild Hunt. In order to delay us, one of them will conjure a freezing spell. Keira now takes center stage, casting a barrier to protect us from the frost. She's also capable of closing the portals conjuring the frost, but as for the beasts emerging out of the portals... that's up to us.

Follow her to the first portal and she'll begin closing it, which everybody knows is a process that takes time and effort, otherwise how could games throws waves of enemies at us? Your foes here will be Hounds of the Wild Hunt (levels two and four), which are easily smote. Just stand beside Keira and fast strike foes as they cross Keira's threshold, releasing bouts of Igni periodically for good measure. It should go without saying, but stay out of the blizzard-it deals significant damage fairly quickly. Once the beasts are dead Keira, exhausted by her endeavors, will fall into Geralt's arms, at which point you'll get a timed dialogue response. Picking the top option "just don't faint on me" will elicit a flirty response from Keira.

Objective	Reward
For disrupting the Wild Hunt's magic	100 XP
She'll recover quickly enough, tough girl that she is, and remove some ice blocking our path to the south-east. Take some time to loot the hound corpses and some scattered chests, which contain Water in them, in case you need some healing. Once you're done looting, join Keira to the south-east and go through a doorway, then up some stairs. Continue along a linear path through another doorway, down some stairs to the south-east, then down another flight of stairs to the south-west, as Keira forces a confession out of Geralt.

Our destination is to the south-east, but if you continue south-west you'll find a wall that's susceptible to Aard. Blast it, then ignite some gas on the other side of the wall with Ignir before heading through the hole you made. Loot a chest behind a barrier to the south to score some meager loot, then climb a ledge to the west and go through a doorway to reach a small chamber with a chest just opposite the door. Be wary, though, as a Foglet (level four) is lurking around waiting to spoil your loot-high.

Return-through the gas and broken wall-to Keira and continue south-east, drop down a few ledges, and encounter a member of the Wild Hunt who remained behind. It's clear he doesn't want to be friends. This fight is pretty easy-you can probably tell by his weapon that we won't be countering his attacks, so the old strong attack-and-dodge strategy works fine here, using Quen to absord incidental damage. After a few hits he'll cast a barrier that will forcibly (and painfully) repel you if you attack him. During this time he'll also summon a portal through which Hounds of the Wild Hunt (level five) will arrive to harass you, while he regenerates health from the safety of his portal. Kill his mutts and he'll drop the portal. Repeat until he's dead. Once done, loot his corpse for a Diagram: Angrenian Cuirass, a Wild Hunt Warrior's Sword, and a Potion from Tir na Lia, amongst other things. You'll find a chest filled with worthwhile loot atop some stairs to the west of the pillars where Nithral waited, and along the raised platform to the east you'll find two less impressive chests.

Objective	Reward
For defeating Nithral	250 XP
Ascend some stairs to reach the platform where Keira stands and watch another mage message, which tells Ciri to avoid the witches of Crockback Bog and meet "where last we were together". Not very helpful. Further conversation will suggest that we search for these witches, these... Ladies of the Wood. Keira will give you the book "Ladies of the Wood", which you should read, then search the lab. It's got plenty of containers with valuable alchemical and crafting components inside, but there are also a variety of important items scattered about. On a cage near the stairs you'll find "After the White Frost," some burned notes can be investigated near a brazier in the north-western corner of the area, a potion on the table Keira will identify as her own concoction, on a bed you'll find the book "The Elder Blood" and on a barrel in the south-eastern corner, by a book shelf, you'll find some herbs. Most importantly, however, is a doorway to the east that can be detected with your Witcher Senses. When you investigate it, Keira will identify the door as an illusion, and give you the "Eye of Neheleri", which dispels illusions... and makes you remember her, of course.

Use the Eye of Neheleri on the door to make it vanish, but before you continue through it, return back to the west and explore the south-western corner of the chamber where you fought Nithral. Here you'll discover a section of wall that can be destroyed with Aard. Convince it to fall down. Go through the hole in the wall you made and use the Eye of Neheleri to reveal some stairs further west, which lead to a watery tunnel. Take a dive and loot a chest to the right, then continue west to find two more chests at the end of the flooded passage. Surface for some air, then dive again, this time swimming down another passage to the south. Surface at some stairs and continue south to enter a small chamber with a lone chest at the end-but a chest that contains the Silver Sword Maugrim. Hey! Another one!

Backtrack to the room where you fought Nithral, then return to the first door you dispelled with the Eye of Neheleri, finally continuing through it. Follow Keira to the east and she'll detect a way out... but before she goes, she'll ask for your help finding a Magic Lamp-the prize promised to Keira by the elf. You can go your own way, or agree to help Keira find her prize. She did help you out through these ruins, at no slight risk to herself, and she did brave rats along the way... sort of. Sure, she probably only did it to get her lamp, but the fact is, she helped you. Don't be that guy-agree to help her. This ends the quest "Wandering in the Dark" and begins "Magic Lamp."

Objective	Reward
For making your way through the elven ruins	350 XP
Magic Lamp (level 6)
Follow Keira north, through a doorway, down some stairs, and through another doorway. When you reach the room Keira is standing in she'll complain about another riddle. Elves and their damn riddles! Investigate the door with your Witcher Senses to discover an inscription, which Keira translates. Another riddle, indeed. Step back from the door and look at the northern wall to see four statues glowing under the influence of your Witcher Senses, two on either side of the door, and two (with hounds at their feet) further away. You'll have to light fires at the base of each statue in the correct order to open the door. Simple enough-light the one east of the door, then the one west of the door, then the far east statue and finally the far west statue. Once done the door opens.

head through the door you opened and follow Keira north into an elven sanctuary. Geralt and Keira will guess at the contents of a sarcophagi, and Keira will claim her lamp. Search a nearby chest, then pick up the "Sage's Notes" from atop the shrine to shed light on both the sarcophagi's inhabitant and the nature of the lamp Keira now possesses.

Places of Power/Hidden Treasure (level 6)
Before you head off, search the western side of this room to find some ledges you can climb. Ascend them and continue up the tunnel to the north-west a bit to find a Place of Power. Nab an ability point, then continue north-west down some stairs and into a chamber where another Golem (level six) lurks, now appropriately a normal foe. Kill it and score a chest to the south-west, then two more along the north-western end of the room, completing a Hidden Treasure event in the process.

We're not done yet, however. Near the stairs, along the south-western wall, you'll find a section of wall vulnerable to Aard. Knock it down and search the chamber beyond to find a chest in the south-western corner, and in a smaller chamber to the south-east await two more chests.

Backtrack to-and through-the shrine, through the statue room, up some stairs, and into the unexplored room to the south. Turn west and go up some stairs, then go up another flight of stairs to find the way blocked by rocks... or at least, an illusion of them. Use the Eye of Neheleri to dispel the rocks and exit the shrine. Once you escape, Keira and Geralt will chat, and if you were nice to her and helped her recover her magic lamp, she'll invite you to visit her again later. Agree to start the quest "An Invitation from Keira Metz."

Objective	Reward
For helping Keira recover the Magic Lamp	100 XP
To get back to the lands we've explored, you can pilot the boat nearby-it's safer and faster than travelling on foot, and we'll need to get our sea legs sooner or later, so you might as well give it a try now. Climb on inside the boat and head to the helm to take control of the ship. Accelerate with (X), stop/reverse with (Square) and leave the helm by pressing (Circle). Simple enough. Sail east a bit to clear the land to the north, then swim north, docking anywhere near Midcopse.

Helping Keira Metz
An Invitation from Keira Metz (level 6)
We could go after these "Ladies of the Wood," but why risk messing with witches we don't know when a pretty one we do know wants to see us? Head over to her house and you'll overhear her talking to somebody. Interrupt her and you'll see that she's already started playing with her new toy. Ask about the request she has for you and she'll ask you to help her lift a curse on a nearby isle, and provide you some background information about how the curse might have been formed, and her motivations, if you ask. You'll need to sail over to Fyke Isle, from whence this curse emanates. To aid you in your task she'll give you the Magic Lamp and a Xenovox. This ends the quest "An Invitation from Keira Metz" and begins "A Towerful of Mice."

A Towerful of Mice (level 6)
Head south along the road leading to Midcopse until it bisects another road running east-west. West takes you to Midcopse, east takes you to the ship you're looking for. Sail south down the river and Keira will shortly make use of the Xenovox to bug you. Turn south-east when you run out of south and hold course to reach the island. Once you land Keira will attempt to bug you again, but it seems the Xenovox is performing about as well as your standard cellphone. You'll be greeted by a batch of Rotfiends (level six) if you land on the western end of the island.

Continue east along the southern end of the island, fighting off Drowners (level four) as you go until you come across the ruins of what appears to have been either a shrine or a tomb. North of the moss-covered rock in the center of the ruins you'll find a doorway leading to a flood cavern, within which lies a chest. Loot, leave, and continue exploring to the east, where you'll find more Necrophages along a trail in the form of Ghouls (level six). North of here another group of Rotfiends (level six) lurk.

Kill them and proceed south-east to reach the edge of the search area where you'll find more Ghouls (levels six and nine) as well as the "Fyke Isle" signpost. If you spot any green clouds, whip out Keira's Magic Lamp and focus it on the aberration to witness a ghost scene play itself out. If you encounter a cloud of bugs... blast them with Igni to disperse them. There's a ghost scene at the far southern end of the search area, opposite the signpost, and one a short distance south-east of the signpost. Spot them out then head to the signpost.

Objective	Reward
For witnessing a ghost scene	50 XP Each
South of the signpost you'll find the opening in the palisade. Head through the gates and continue north to find a tower, outside of which you'll encounter a Water Hag (level six). Kill it, then use your witcher Senses to spot a corpse in the water near where the hag appeared. Examine it, then turn south to find some stairs leading to a watch tower, upon which you'll find two chests and a crate to loot. Another crate can be found beside the stairs. When you're done looting, head around the northern side of the tower where you'll find another ghost scene. Along the way you can search a house to the north-west of the tower, and an adjacent shelter, both of which have containers to loot.

Exploring the Tower
Return to the southern end of the tower and head up some stairs to enter the tower. Once inside, turn your Witcher Senses on and search some weaponry near the door, then some dead rats (which makes Keira object). Loot a chest in a fire place to the north-east, then turn north-west and use the Magic Lamp to spy on a ghost scene. Seems that, despite the bad wrap nobles have been getting all game, the peasants might be the more vile party here. Then again, maybe anybody with any power sucks. Loot a crate near the stairs, then rummage through two sacks and search some blood on the floor.

Ignore the stairs for now... the ones up, anyways, and go through a door north of the blood. As you descend the stairs you'll witness a mainstay of paranormal activity-the old swinging chandelier trick ghost seems to adore so much. The rats don't seem to mind, however, so neither should we. There are some sacks and a chest you can loot to the north, and another chest stacked atop some cages to the south-west. To the south-east you'll find another ghost memory. Guess that explains where the rats came from...

Head back upstairs, and continue up the stairs we ignore a little while ago. All you can do here is witness another ghost scene opposite the door. Watch it, then head up another flight of stairs. Another favorite mainstay of poltergeists will occur here-self-lighting candles. Spooky. Head out onto a balcony opposite the stairs to score a chest, then return inside and loot some sacks near the next flight of stairs leading up. Go through a doorway to the north-east and loot another chest, then go through an adjacent doorway and use your Magic Lamp to witness another ghost scene.

Climb another flight of stairs, loot a chest, walk around some beds, then go up more stairs. Keira will bug you when you reach the top, telling you to look for a laboratory. Search near a wall to examine some damage to the floor, then pull a lever on the north-western wall to open a door near the scratches on the floor. Go through a doorway, then up some stairs, then through another doorway to reach the laboratory. Once here, loot a chest along the north-western wall, examine some seedy testing tubes to the south-west, then score a smaller chest to the south-east, near another ghost image. Speaking of which... pop the Magic Lamp on it to witness another scene...

Objective	Reward
For discovering the laboratory	100 XP
Anabelle's Plea
Converse with the ghost and she'll mention that the mage who owned this tower was named Alexander-Keira had a (presumably unsent) letter to a mage who lived in a tower named Alexander. She'll also tell the story of what happened here, including the story of her gruesome demise. No wonder she can't rest in peace. After a while she'll tell you the conditions that will free her from this place-and presumably lift the curse.

The request is rather reasonable, and if you offer to help her she'll ask you to bring Graham to her. You also have the option to turn her down, which is more involved in the short-run. If you do turn her down, she'll get understandably upset, turn into a Plague Wraith, then attack. She fights similarly to a Noonwraith, save she summons swarms of insects to attack you. Normally Yrden would be the correct course of action, but in this case starting out with Igni to disperse her bugs and rats might prove more helpful at the beginning of the fight. Of course, like other wraiths of this type, she'll take a pathetic amount of damage if she's not under the effects of a Yrden Sign. Once she's taken a bit of damage she'll flee. Chase her down the tower and fight her again in front of it. She'll stay a bit longer this time, but still vanishes before you can finish her off. Keira will berate you via the Xenovox and tell you to find Graham-the object of Anabelle's undying affection-in Oreton.

Graham and the Ghost
Either way, you'll end up having to go pay Graham a visit. Return to your boat and sail north-east to reach Oreton. You'll find Graham in an isolated riverside hut south-west of the rest of the village. Be sure to visit Oreton to get the signpost, in case we need to travel here later. Once done, knock on his door and he'll talk to you when you tell him about Fyke Isle. He'll tell you his side of the story, after which you can convince him to either go with you back to the island (if you got into a fight with Anabelle earlier) or bury her bones (if you agreed to help her).

If you got into a tussle with Anabelle earlier you'll be back at the tower. Enter it and kill a pair of Wraiths (level five) on the first floor. Continue to the top of the tower to confront Anabelle again, who doesn't seem happy to see Graham. She'll ask for a show of his affection (ew) and will be cruelly treated by Anabelle for this show of love... but at least they're together now.

Objective	Reward
For reuniting Graham and Anabelle	500 XP
On the other hand, if you handed her remains over, leave the hut. You'll hear a scream shortly afterwards. Return to see that Graham is dead, and Anabelle-the Pesta-is floating over him. Either way, the curse is lifted.

Objective	Reward
For bringing Anabelle's remains to Graham	300 XP
Return to Keira (fast-traveling from the "Oreton" signpost to Midcopse is ideal) and tell her the good... well, the news, in any event. Go to leave and Keira will ask you to perform another task for her... this time somewhat more mundane. Agree to help her to complete "A Towerful of Mice" and start "A Favor for a Friend."

A Favor for a Friend (level 6)
Our next stop is Hangman's Alley, however, as you're leaving Keira's hut the pellar-of all people-will pester you and ask for help. Agree to help him to start the quest "Forefather's Eve," which is to take place on Fyke Isle. He can wait-a pretty lady is in need of aid!

Note: Depending on which order you did the quest "Bloody Baron" and "Hunting a Witch" and their subsequent quests ("Family Matters" and "Wandering in the Dark") you could meet the pellar in different places. If you do "Hunting a Witch" first, you'll meet the pellar during "Family Matters" after talking to the peasants who help Tamara escape to Oxenfurt. As you return to the Bloody Baron in Crow's Peak, the pellar will be waiting near Fergus Graem's shop.

Head to the "Midcopse" signpost and fast-travel to Hangman's Alley, then turn on your Witcher Senses. Under your feet you'll discover the heavy, wide wheels of a mechant's wagon. You'll also soon be accosted by a Water Hag (level six) and a pair of Drowners (level six). Kill them, then follow the wagon tracks south along the road until they veer off to the south-west. Examine more tracks, then follow the tracks until they terminate at another road, where you'll find the wagon.

Examine the booze, food, and blood which all glow red and loot the various parcels lying around, but ignore the box under the wagon for now. Instead, follow the blood trail to the south-west to find the merchant's body. Loot it for the "Missing Merchant's Letter," then return to the wagon and search the box under it to obtain the "Package for Keira." Well, at least she'll get some of her delivery.

Objective	Reward
For recovering Keira's package	25 XP
Return to the "Hangman's Alley" signpost and use it to fast-travel back to Midcopse. then make your way back to Keira's hut. Talk to her and Geralt will call her out on the mundane nature of her delivery and she'll tell you to wait outside. Agree, and "some time later" she'll show up and conjure some mighty steeds for you two. Geralt will explain a... new take on the Cinderella myth, and Keira will tell him to shut up and just indulge her for one night. Continue to pander to her tastes in the form of an illusion spell, then race her on horseback.

Objective	Reward
For racing Keira	50 XP
Enjoy a romantic dinner with Keira, at the end of which you'll get an option to become "friends with benefits". If you choose this route, play a little game where Keira will hide, after which you'll need to follow a trail to the south, examining various pieces of discarded clothing along the way. When you reach the water's edge, Geralt will continue to indulge in own weakness-for sorceresses. This ends "A Favor for a Friend" and begins "For the Advancement of Learning," which takes place on... Fyke Isle. How convenient.

Objective	Reward
For spending a romantic night with Keira	80 XP

More Fun on Fyke Isle
For the Advancement of Learning (level 8)
Swim over to Fyke Isle, or head east along the coast to Oreton and find a boat. Either way, make your way to the tower and Geralt will notice that, predictably, Keira has made her way to the lab atop the tower. As you near the tower Keira will come out with a few notes scavanged from the tower. Confront her and, if you're rude (call her a two-faced serpent or don't show sympathy for her minor inconveniences) and then demand the notes, things will end in a fight. To defeat Keira, simply side-dodge her spells and try to close with her. After a few hits, she'll teleport away from you. She does a fair bit of damage, so a Quen Sign might come in handy. When she falls Geralt will take the papers and burn them.

Objective	Reward
For killing Keira Metz	200 XP
Well, that's kind of a downer. On the other hand, if you're more sympathetic (when she starts talking about Radovid, pick the option "Radovid never forgets," then tell her "It's suicide") you'll get the option to suggest that she waits the war out in Kaer Morhen. Before she departs, be sure to ask for the notes, which will give you the item "Alexander's Notes."

Objective	Reward
For sending Keira to Kaer Morhen	100 XP
Alternatively you can pick the dismissive "Do what you want" at any point, and Keira will walk off with the sensitive documents. Either way, this is probably going to have an effect later down the line...

Objective	Reward
For letting Keira leave with the notes	100 XP
Note: Letting Keira live will pay dividends in the quest "The Battle of Kaer Morhen." If you let her go to Radovid you'll get the quest "A Final Kindness" later on, but in general, things end badly. If you kill her, of course, neither will happen.

Forefather's Eve - Part 1 (level 7)
Now to help the pellar with his little Forefather's whatsit. Head to the western side of Fyke Isle where you'll find the pellar and his flock near the ruined shrine along the southern end of the island. Rest until midnight, then talk to the pellar, who is near the stone slab. Your task is simple-defend the petitioners from the spirits that will be summoned by the pellar's ritual. Begin the ritual when you're ready-the first wave of foes will include a Water Hag (level seven) and about a half dozen Drowners (level seven). Kill them and another ghost will be summoned from the flames and make an accusation.

Before more progress can be made with the spirit, some Eternal Fire enforcers will show up to apprehend the pellar, for performing magic they don't like. If you refuse to stand up for the pellar and his mob, they'll be dispersed by the Eternal Fire jerks, and the pellar won't be pleased. This ends the quest, albeit unsatisfactorily.

Objective	Reward
For allowing the Eternal Flame Enforces to disrupt the ritual	200 XP
On the other hand you can defend the pellar and his adherents. Kill the Witch Hunters (level seven) then the pellar will talk to you again and reveal that the bloodshed has tainted the ritual-which means we'll have to fight off more beasties. After some more chanting a trio of Wraiths (level seven) will disrupt the ritual. Banish them, then talk to the pellar again, who will admit to the charges of the spirt who disrupted the ritual. Seems Geralt has more work ahead of him... but this quest continues near where we'll need to go for "Ladies of the Wood," so we'll postpone it temporarily.

Objective	Reward
For defending the ritual	200 XP

Exploring Around Oreton
If you haven't already, read the book "The Ladies of the Wood" that Keira gave you during "Wandering in the Dark" to update this quest. When you do, you'll find you destination-some shrine a ways south-east of Lindenvale, or, if you are following along well enough and already got the Griffin armor, just south-west of Downwarren. We can fast travel fairly close by, or take a boat and sail east to get fairly close to the landing spot... or we could use this as a tenuous excuse to explore around Oreton. Yeah... why not do that? If you're not much of a completionist and you just want to get on with things, skip to the "Ladies of the Wood" section.

A Greedy God (level 7)
Make your way to Oreton search the notice board, where you can find the notice "Contract: Missing Soldiers" which starts "Contract: The Mystery of the Byways Murders." It's far above our level right now, but it's good to have for later. Play Gwent with the Trader (who has a rather powerful Northern Kingdoms deck) then head south-west along the coast to return to Graham's house. From this now-vacant house head north-west along a trail to eventually reach some ruins, where two peasants are arguing. Talk to them to discover that their meager offerings have angered the Allgod. Agree to intervene on their behalf to start the quest "A Greedy God."

Talk to the nearby wooden effigy, then, after getting a response that raises Geralt's suspicions, activate your Witchers Senses. Investigate the wine bottles nearby to get a scent trail, which leads to a pile of rocks nearby. Or rather, the illusions of rocks. With the Eye of Neheleri you can dispel the rocks and find some stairs leading down to a cellar below-a well stocked cellar, with a rather corpulent monster inside. Talk to the beast to find out that it's an unrepetent parasite who has no inclination of giving up its feast.

You have three options-kill the beast (it can breathe and throw fire at you, but otherwise it's not too difficult to just chop him down in melee combat), convince the beast (under pain of death) to accept the smaller offerings, or agree to tell the peasants that the Allgod won't be pleased with what they can safely spare. In the former case, the peasants aren't too happy that you killed their god. In the latter two cases you can then inform the peasants about some "fascinating architecture" in the crypt below. The middle course is the most immediately lucrative.

Objective	Reward
For talking to the Allgod	25 XP
For telling the peasants about your encounter with the Allgod	50 XP
For convincing the Allgod to accept smaller offerings	50 XP
100 Crowns
From the ruins head north along a road until you find the "Wastrel Manor" signpost. Continue north, staying course through a crossroads, until you reach a raised bridge. If you swim across the channel to the north you'll find that the bridge is guarded by a handful of Bandits (level three), who have decided this is now a toll bridge, and they're entitle to collect. You can either pay them to cross (50 Crowns), use Axii on them (requires an upgraded Axii) or introduce them to your Steel Sword. Either way, activate a wheel near the raised bridge to lower it, and make the world an easier to travel place for everyone.

Objective	Reward
For using Axii on the bridge bandits	40 XP
Monster Nest/Abandoned Site (level 9)
Cross the bridge south and return to the crossroads, at which point you should follow the eastern road. Follow this road until you reach a small village, which, if you explore, you'll discover the "Claywich" signpost. Not much to see here, but having the signpost is still nice. If you continue east from Claywich you'll find another, even more unimpressive village. Further east lies the "Boatmaker's Hut" signpost.

More interesting than the last two places (almost anything would be) this village is now an Abandoned Site, due to the nearby Monster Nest. Kill the Ghouls (level nine) near their nest, then destroy it. When the Necrophage menace has been removed, peasants will move back in, including a merchant. Making the world a better place, one monster nest at a time...

Objective	Reward
For destroying the monster nest	20 XP
For liberating the Abandoned Site	120 XP
50 Crowns
Leave the newly liberated town by taking a road to the east, which will eventually wrap around south-east and lead to a bridge. At the bridge you'll find some ne'er-do-wells practicing the time-honored tradition of forcing travelers to pay an arbitrary bridge toll. You can either flash your Witcher medallion, which convinces the bandits to leave the bridge, or you can tempt them into attempting to rob you, which convinces them to leave this life. Either way, once done use your Witcher Senses to spot some footprints that lead from a campfire to the east of the bridge, to a treasure chest along the shore west of the bridge.

Head north along the shoreline until you encounter some Drowners (level nine). Across a the water (to the east) from where these Drowners lurk you should find a small island that shows signs of recent human settlement, now abandoned. There are a few containers to loot and possibly some more Drowners to slay over here, but nothing to get excited over.

Guarded Treasure (level 14)
Continue along the shore to the north until you find a "Guarded Treasure" event. The guardian in this case is a Forktail (level fourteen) which could be trouble if you're too low of a level. Really, though, if you killed the Shrieker earlier, you should be more than strong enough to battle this beast. Kill it and loot the corpse of a soldier lying near his equally dead mount.

Bandit Camp/Person(s) in Distress (level 6)
Backtrack south along the coast until you return to the bridge where the Bandits once prowled. Cross it to the south-east, then continue south-east along a road until you reach a Bandit Camp... even has a "Bandits' Camp" signpost. There's also a "Person(s) in Distress" event here. You know the drill-kill the Bandits (level five) and their leader (level six) who will drop a "Bandits' Key". Take the key and free a Merchant, who will tell you to meet him in Claywich, then loot the camp.

From the Bandit Camp head south-west to find a small dock and the ruins of a house near the shore. Search the ruins and it'll yield a chest for you to loot, then swim across the channel to the south-west. Near the shore here you'll find a road running south. Follow it to reach a lovely village named Drudge. Or, well, an abandoned village named Drudge, anyways. The most interesting thing here is the signpost, which you can use to fast-travel to either Lindenvale, which is north-west of our next destination, or you can take a boat and sail to the western edge of the swamps we'll be imminently exploring.

Note: Be sure to visit the merchant you rescue in Claywich, as he'll ----- sell you the following Gwent cards: "Etolian Auxiliary Archers," "Black Infantry Archer," "Crinfrid Reavers Dragon Hunter," "Puttkammer" and "Sweers." The "Black Infantry Archer" and "Crinfrid Reavers Dragon Hunter" cards are both very potent cards, indeed. You can also play Gwent with him and win another card.

Ladies of the Wood
Forefather's Eve - Part 2 (level 7)
Head over to the edge of the swamp where the search area for this quest is, then turn on your Witcher Senses and look around. Near the center of the search area you'll find a corpse to investigate, guarded by a trio of Rotfiends (level seven). Kill the critters, then examine the corpse. Once done, hit it with Igni to incinerate it. Now for some pain in the ass back-tracking. Head back to the pellar's hut north of Blackbough. Hear the pellar's side of the story, then collect a reward for your good deed.

Objective	Reward
For getting rid of the ghost haunting the pellar	50 XP
50 Crowns
The Trail of Treats
Travel to the shrine where the Trail of Treats begins (again, this is south-west of Downwarren, far to the south-east of Lindenvale). Once there, examine the shrine. It's caled the Trail of Treats for good reason, and if it's simple enough for children to follow, it should be cake for a Witcher. Activate your Witcher Senses and follow the trail along the path to the east, then south, following the trail until you reach a small village in the middle of the swamp.

When you reach the village you'll discover a pack of children... doing what children do. Ask them some questions and endure their silly (although perhaps humorous) responses until Gran shows up to break up the fun. Neither of them are helpful, but at least the kids were amusing. When they depart follow Gran and the more talkative boy into a hut to the south. Gran proves she's going to continue to be a pest, so we'll need to find a way to distract her...

Head outside and talk to one of the other kids to find out that this mysterious Johnny is only friends with the boy Gran is protecting. Whoever-or whatever-this Johnny is, we'll need to talk to him, and that means talking to the boy. Ask the kids to help you and they'll make a counter demand of you. Sadly, they don't know who they're playing with.

Activate your Witcher Sense and head near the house to the east, in front of which you'll find some footsteps running to the north, then up onto the roof. Climb onto the roof, then down the other side, where you'll find signs that the child slid down the roof and into a hay pile on the ground. Talk to the child adn they'll come out of the hay. Now continue clockwise around the house to find more tracks near the southern edge of the house that lead behind a nearby bush, where another child hides. More tracks can be found leading into the northern house, inside of which another child fails at hiding by some barrels (he gets the Darwin award for hiding skills). Finally, you'll spot more footprints leading into the southern house. You can follow them into the house, but they lead out a back window, so circle around to the southern side of the house and follow the tracks north-west along the house to find the kid hiding in some bushes.

The kids will come through and Geralt will take the opportunity to talk to the kid. The kid will tell you about Johnny, and more importantly, he'll confirm that Johnny has seen Ciri. Leave the village and head east to find a search area. Dispatch a Water Hag (level five) and some Drowners (level six) then activate your Witcher Senses to find Johnny's trail near the northern part of the search area. Examine them, then follow the trail west, then north, fending off another group of Drowners (level six) as you go. Eventually you'll reach Johnny's den, to the north-east of the "The Orphans of Crookback Bog" village, and south of Downwarren.

Call for Johnny and the gross little godling will emerge from its burrow. Geralt will try to question it, and will get pantomimed responses in return. Looks like you're going to have to help it out to learn about Ciri.

Objective	Reward
For locating Johnny	150 XP
Follow Johnny and kill some Drowners (level six) along the way until you leads you to a ledge you'll need to climb in order to find Johnny's voice. If you look up, you should spot a circling beast in the sky, so dispel any thoughts that this might be a bloodless task... unless you already killed the Harpies (level six) and Wyvern (level nine) during our run to Dragonslayer's Grotto, in which case, you merely have to pick your wap up the cliff. Once there, kill whatever needs to be killed and loot a nest near the cliff edge to recover a "Sealed Bottle" and a "Raven's Feather." The former object is what Johnny needs, while the latter is something we may be able to make use of shortly. Grab both.

Carefully climb down the cliff and the godling will open the flask and, unfortunately, get its voice back, which it wastes no time in using. Get it to tell you about Ciri, which he'll do, as well as implicate some Crones who seem to govern everything in the swamp. At length you can ask him to help you learn what Gran knows. Follow him south to the swamp village-killing another Water Hag (level five) and another pair of Drowners (level six) along the way.

Again, Johnny will keep his word and help you convince Gran to take you to the Ladies. Under Johnny's guilt trip, she'll relent, and lead you to the Ladies, who, of course, have their own demand to make of you. Once the Ladies are done talking to you, you'll be furnished with the "Crones' Dagger," which you'll need to convince the Ealdorman of Downwarren that you're working for the Ladies. Loot the shrine, then make your way north and slightly east to Downwarren... or fast-travel there using "The Orphans of Crookback Bog" signpost.

Objective	Reward
For meeting with the Ladies	150 XP
Along the way, there's some additional loot you can score (if you don't fast travel, that is). By following the breadcrumb trail you'll eventually reach a road south of Downwarren that leads to the edge of the swamp, where some buildings are busy collapsing into the bog. At this spot there's a group of Bandits (level five). Kill them, then search around a house to the west to find a chest submerged in the swamp water, under the remains of a thatched roof.

Talk to the Ealdorman and flash your pretty dagger to get him to open up more, at which he'll attribute all manner of inconsequential happenstances as signs of the benevolance-or wrath-of the Ladies. Get him to tell you about the village's problems and he will-with great detail. Seems we need to check out some Whispering Hillock. Before you go, however, be sure to play Gwent with the Merchant here if you haven't already, and grab the notice "Contract: Monster from the Swamp" from the notice board to start the quest "Swamp Thing" which we might as well do while we're down here and all...

Swamp Thing (level 12)
Head south-west from Downwarren where, at the edge of the swamp (west of the "Orphans of Crookback Bog") you'll find Leslav making an attempt at building a house. Listen to his story, haggle for a few more Crowns, then head south-east further into the swamp to find a search area. Turn on your handy-dandy Witcher Senses and you'll find a body near the center of the search area. Investigate it and the nearby rocks, and with the Eye of Neheleri you'll be able to dispel the rocks and study the monster tracks underneath.

Follow the tracks to a camp, where you'll discover some of the mystery fog. It's not quite as toxic as the swamp gas we've seen before-it won't poison you, it'll just suffocate you. Wonderful. Search along the northern end of the shelter here to find a body. Once investigate Geralt will identify his prey.

Objective	Reward
For discovering the identity of the swamp monster	25 XP
Head south-west from the shelter with your Witcher Senses active to find a rock face-another illusion, this one conceals a cavern (there are no fewer than three entrances to this cave). Dispel it and head inside the cave, where the smothering fog will no longer affect us. Continue south into the cavern until you reach a small, foggy chamber, where our Foglet-Ingis Fatuus-awaits.

He fights like a common Foglet, turning into fog and making fog clones (two of them) regularly, and trying two attack us from the relative safety of the fog. Not hard tactics to counter. He also hits like a truck, which makes Quen your friend here. When he falls, loot his corpse for the Steel Sword "Carabella" and a Foglet Trophy. In the eastern-most of this cavern's three chambers you can find-in the south-eastern corner-a corpse propped up against a chest, with a sack nearby. All of them can be looted. The chest, in particular, contains the "Diagram: Superior Ursine Silver Sword." We'll be finding another Silver Sword Diagram shortly, closer to our level, but this is still a welcome find.
Return to Leslav and collect your reward.

Objective	Reward
For slaying the Foglet	240 XP
136 Crowns
For the sake of simplicity, return to Downwarren, then leave Downwarren via the road to the south, and when the road splits the first time head south-east. Continue south-east until you spot a wagon wagon stuck in the swamp with a barrel and several sacks to loot. Search them, then explore some abandoned houses to the north-east, where an Alghoul (level fourteen) prowls. No single Alghoul is much of a threat, regardless of its level. Kill it and loot the houses that you can access for some meager loot.

Guarded Treasure (level 8)
Continue south-east along the road until it turns more south than east. Be wary of the swamp to the east, as a Bilge Hag (level twenty) likes to make her home there, and she's not above harassing travelling Witchers. West of the road you'll find a more modest threat in the form of Drowners (level six). If you're up for a bit of extra exploration and you're confident in your ability to defeat (or avoid) the powerful Water Hag, you can venture east of the road into the swamp to find a "Guarded Treasure" event. Here a less impressive Water Hag (level eight) guards a chest full of worthwhile loot. Why isn't the more powerful hag guarding the loot? Who cares. Take it and return to the road.

Ruined Tower
From where you encountered the Bilge Hag near the road turn south-west and continue off in that direction until you find the "Ruined Tower"-the signpost and the object. Search the eastern-most corner of these ruins to find a chest containing the Diagram: Superior Ursine Steel Sword. Score. When you're done oogling diagrams you can't make use of yet, return east to the road.

The Whispering Hillock (level 5)
Continue along the road until you come to another fork, stick to the south-west, which will lead you to the Whispering Hillock. When you cross the threshold of the rather large search area you'll head a disembodied voice, which starts the quest "The Whispering Hillock." The worst you'll have to face here are Wolves (level five) and a Warg (level eight). Explore south-east of the center of the search area to find the "Ancient Oak" signpost, then head west of the large tree in the center of the search area to find a Place of Power guarded by a Werewolf (level eight). Use Igni to soften the beast up, then Quen to protect yourself. That, and some fast attacks with your silver sword should be all you need. From the Place of Power turn north-east and climb a ledge to find a cave.

Head inside the cave and dive into some water to the south. Swim further south to reach a small chamber dominated by a natural stone column. Search behind it to find a chest filled with valuable loot, then swim down a tunnel to the north-east and loot another chest to your left as you go for more quality loot. Surface when the tunnel to the north ends, then climb out of the water.

Travel north into a chamber, where you'll find what's behind the voice that gives this area its name. This accursed being seems to have a different take on the Crones, but it should be taken with a grain of salt, seeing as they were former rivals. More likely, however, is that both sides are wrong, perhaps in different degrees or just in different ways. It will also claim the children from the swamp orphanage are in danger-you can either help this trapped spirit, or you can turn it down. Go along with it for now (you can change your mind later) as there's a few things we can do while working with the spirit, even if you don't want to side with it in the end. If you don't care about finding a sweet Silver Sword upgrade, though, skip to "Fighting the Ghost in the Tree," otherwise, everybody should continue with "Freeing the Ghost in the Tree."


Velen (Continued)
Freeing the Ghost in the Tree
If you decide to help the spirit, it'll tell you about a ritual you must perform consisting of three components-its remains, a horse, and raven feathers. Ask about each and it'll tell where to find them, and perhaps why (vaguely) it's required. It'll even open a short cut to the north, so you need not bother trekking back through the cave. We should have already obtained a Raven's Feather back when we search the nest for Johnny's voice, so we can safely ignore that requirement for now and instead focus on the horse and the corpse.

Head north, exiting the cave, and from where you exit head west and slightly north, down some hills, and back into the swamp. When you reach the search area you'll need to defeat a Water Hag (level six) then use your Witcher Senses near the southern end of the search area to find a grave marking the resting spot of our spirit's physical remains. Loot the grave for some "Woman's Remains."

Our next objective is a black mare far south of the grove. What a pain in the ass... but on the plus side it'll lead us perilously close to some pretty awesome loot. Head south from the tree (perhaps returning to the "Ancient Oak" signpost and following the trail south). When you reach the edge of huge search area, put all thoughts of find the horse out of mind for now, and continue following the trail south until it merges with a larger road. Continue south a short distance until yet another road branches off to the south-west and follow it until you discover the "Crossroads" signpost. This southern signpost will allow us to quickly obtain a superior Silver Sword.

If you wish to obtain it now and not mess up any quests that's perfectly fine, just follow the road east a short distance until you see, east of the road, a ravine that parallels the road. Head into the gorge and follow it east, down some rocky ledges, then down a grassy slope, at which point you should find the "Entrance" map marker, which marks a cave to the north. Venture inside and proceed to the end of the cave, ignoring all the loot and glowing bodies save a chest, which you'll find next to a corpse that can be neither looted nor investigated. Inside you'll find the "Diagram: Enhanced Griffin Silver Sword". Hell, this was easier to get than the original diagram!

In the search area, near the "Crossroads" signpost, you should have no trouble finding black mares trotting about. They seem to like this spot for some reason. Use Axii to tame one (you don't even have to be all that close) then mount it and ride it back north to the cave, which is north of the ancient oak. Ride the horsie into the cave and, with the three components in hand you'll be told how to complete the ritual. You can choose to renege on the spirit by purposefully botching the ritual, or you can be less subtle and fight the spirit. In the former case, you can skip to the section "Meeting the Crones," in the latter case, read "Fighting the Ghost in the Tree" first. If you perform the ritual the spirit-now possessing the body of the mare-will agree to free the children. In this case, skip to "Meeting the Crones."

Fighting the Ghost in the Tree
If you refuse to help free the spirit, it'll attack you, predictably enough. This fight is simple-it summons some Endrega Workers (level six) to pester you. Smite them, then attack the roots protecting the physical manifestation of the spirit. Once they'd hacked away you'll get to deal a few blows to the spirit, after which the roots go back into place, and it summons more Endrega Workers. Repeat until it dies. Once done, loot the tree for some Diamond Dust, then the Endrega for more mundane monster bits. The quest "The Whispering Hillock" ends, but we still need to talk to the Ealdorman of Downwarren to satisfy the Ladies. Fortunately a shortcut has opened up back west, so we need not even get our boots wet.

Meeting the Crones
Leave the cave where you'll find the Ealdorman and a group of peasants, who have surprisingly decided to brave the forest. Tell them about your deeds and remind hinm about the payment, which the Ealdorman will go off and... well, he'll give you his cut.

Geralt will make an offering of the Ealdorman's reward and the Crones will show up, and, after roughly treating Gran, talk to you. You can talk about the children and the spirit in the tree, but they're vague about both. Ask about Ciri and eventually you'll get a cutscene detailing Ciri's interaction with the Crones...

Objective	Reward
For meeting the Crones	350 XP
Ciri's Story: Fleeing the Bog (level 5)
When you're in control of Ciri, kill the Drowners (level six) that are initially there, then head east. Along the way you'll be pestered by some Hounds of the Wild Hunt (level five), which you can either fend off or avoid. Reach the end of the trail and watch a cutscene, which links up with what we saw during the quest "Bloody Baron."

Back in control of Geralt you can make the choice to either try and pick a fight with the Crones, or threaten to come back for them later with Ciri. Either way, they taunt you and wander off. This ends "Ladies of the Wood."

Objective	Reward
For learning of Ciri's encounter with the Crones	200 XP
Return to Crookback Bog
We're almost done in Velen for now, but before we head north to Novigrad and its environs, let's go tell the Baron what we learned in Crookback Bog. After haggling over the terms and listening to the Baron air more dirty laundry, give your opinion of the matter, then tell him where Anna is. Naturally, the Baron decides to take hasty-and professionally ill-advised-action, then tells you more about Ciri...

Note: Be sure to have played Gwent with both the Bloody Baron and the merchant in Downwarren before starting this quest. Depending on choices you made earlier, they might not be around later.

Ciri's Tale: Out of the Shadows (level 5)
You'll start out exactly where you left off the last time the Baron talked about Ciri-fighting a Basilisk. Deplete its health bar, then give chase to the wounded critter. Once done, head south-eat and approach the southern end of the tower to witness another cutscene. Ciri shows off some of her more esoteric skills (why couldn't we do that earlier?) then takes a prize. At the end of the memory it will be revealed where Ciri went, and why.

Rescuing Anna
The Baron will then ask Geralt for aid in his attempt to rescue Anna. Might as well, considering how repugnant the Crones are. Anything that inconveniences them is something to highly consider. Agree to end the quest "Family Matters" and begin the "Return to Crookback Bog". Next destination? Downwarren. Before any action can be taken, however, Geralt and the Baron will be interrupted. Discuss the matter, then head out with the Baron.

Fast travel to Downwarren to find the city... well, it was better off the last time we were here. The cause varies depending on what choice you made regarding the Ghost in the Tree during "The Whispering Hillocks." If you freed the beast, it will have come to Downwarren to exact vengeance on the Crone's servants. You'll also be informed that some Witch Hunters were here earlier, led by a woman. If you fought the ghost in the tree, the Witch Hunters were responsible for the lynchings. Seems we might have support some-or some competition.

Follow the Baron and his retinue into the swamp, where you'll be attacked by a quartet of Drowners (level nine). Your allies can distract the Necrophages, but you shouldn't expect them to deal much in the way of damage-steel isn't very effective on such foes. Venture further until you engage a mixed group of monsters, including Drowners (level nine) Rotfiends (level six) and a Water Hag (level eight). After this you'll reach the swamp village, where Tamara and some Witch Hunters are fighting a pack of Drowners (level nine). The Baron and Tamara exchange pleasantries, which they insist on involving Geralt in. Respond how you wish, and, after some more chatter, the two groups decide to focus on the common cause... for now.

After some searching, the parties will discover Anna, either incoherent (if you fought the ghost in the tree earlier) or polymorphed (if you freed the ghost in the tree). Shortly thereafter you'll be attacked, first by mundane monsters-Drowners (level nine) and Water Hags (level eight), before a Fiend (level nine) arrives. It's big, and it packs a whallop, but if you use Quen and let your allies draw the aggro while you resort to flank and rear attacks, you should be able to just chop it down at your leisure.

Objective	Reward
For defeating the Fiend	200 XP
If you fought the ghost in the tree earlier, this is the end of the quest. If not, continue on with "Lifting the Curse." Either way, the results of your actions will be discussed under the "Conclusion" heading. The following rewards are only for the former course of action.

Objective	Reward
For freeing Anna	300 XP
100 Crowns
Lifting the Curse
After the battle Geralt will be pestered for his expertise on the matter, which he determines might be better known by Johnny, who is, after all, more familiar with the Crones. Loot the Fiend (and whatever other monsters and men died here) then head north-east to find Johnny's lair again. Kill a pair of Drowners (level nine) and a water Hag (level eight) outside, then call Johnny out. When he doesn't respond, use your Witcher Senses to follow his trail, initially leading east from his den. Follow the trail until it ends, then continue south-east a bit from there to find Johnny hiding in a wooden shelter amidst some bushes. Johnny will tell you what happened to Gran/Anna, and where you can look to find out more.

Objective	Reward
For talking to Johnny	50 XP
Return back to the swamp village, where dispositions haven't improved any. Tell them the news, decide just how alone you wish to work, then head inside the large house to the east. Once inside, search for the cellar door, which is to the south. Climb down and investigate the eastern alcove to discover a ritual table with a number of dolls on them. Pick the doll with the violet hollyhock bloom to break the curse... for what good that does in the long run. Return to Crow's Peak at the Baron's behest to get your reward.

Objective	Reward
For lifting the curse on Anna	300 XP
For returning to Crow's Perch to claim your reward	100 Crowns
Conclusion (Spoilers!)
Yeah... spoilers, but by now you should have done everything mentioned above, so dry your tears. If you freed the ghost in the tree it became Black Beauty, a possessed mare that-after freeing the orphans and keeping them out of the Crone's oven-took vengeance on the Crone's servants in Downwarren. At the worst this just spared the Eternal Flame Witch Hunters the trouble of tying some rope.

More meaningful was the price of success or failure on Anna. If you subverted the will of the Crones by freeing the ghots in the tree and freeing the orphans, it was Anna who ultimately paid the price. Cursed by the Crones, she was beyond even Geralt's help, and shortly expired after being freed from her polymorph. This led the Bloody Baron-abandoned by his daughter and outliving his wife (as dysfunctional as that marriage was)-to commit suicide upon returning to Crow's Peak. If you killed the ghost in the tree, it doomed the orphans, who were delivered to the Crones, but spared Anna... to a degree. She had lost her daughter, been kidnapped by the Crones, and seen the children she cared for taken away from her to be devoured by her masters. She was alive, though, for what that's worth, and the Bloody Baron was all too willing to leave Velen behind and travel with Anna to try and heal her.

In either case, Velen no longer has a master, but power vacuums never remain empty for long. The Baron's sergeant takes up his place, promising a harsher regime for those unfortunate enough to be under his command. Perhaps the Baron will return to set things right some day, but once power is forfeited, it's not easy to regain. In the long run, however, it probably doesn't matter much. As long as the Nilfgaardians are pleased with the new power in Velen, the new regime is just as legitimate (or illegitimate) as the Baron's was.

We're done in Velen for now, time to head to Novigrad. Officially, anyways, you may have visited there for crafting or Gwent on your own volition. Now, however, we'll be focusing on our hunt for Ciri there, but before we find her, we need to find Triss...

Novigrad
The Wilderness South of Novigrad
Monster Den (level 18)
Fast-travel to the Border Post-our staging point for the run up to Novigrad that'll see us explore the entirety of the island south of the city itself. From here head north, cross a bridge, and follow a road north. Be wary, as the critters here can be a good bit stronger than they were in Velen.

Case in point, our first destination. Head north along the road leading from the Border Post and take the first trail you find to the west. Follow this trail until you find a Monster Den location south of the road. Explore in that direction and you'll find that a cave is guarded by Nekkers (level eighteen). Kill the beasties (if you're level fourteen by now, you should have Enhanced Griffin Swords, making you more than a match for these foes).

Once the vanguard is dead, head inside the cave, where more Nekkers await. Continue north, down some stairs, and into a large central chamber, where more Nekkers are joined by a Rock Troll (level sixteen). Try to get rid of the Nekkers before tackling the Troll-the two are only really dangerous in the presence of the other. Quen, perform Strong Attacks (the "rule-of-three" works again), then dodge the Troll when he blocks or counters. It should go down fast enough. If you climb a ledge to the east and blast some stalagmites you'll uncover a chamber with a chest in it, which in turn contains the Diagram: Superior Feline Silver Sword. In a larger chamber to the west you'll find two chests-one large, one small, which both contain goodies worth grabbing.

Monster Nest(s) (level 9)
Leave the cavern and head north-west through the forest until you find a part of Monster Nests a short distance apart. Both are Endrega nests, and are guarded by Endrega Workers (level nine) and Warriors (level nine). Stomp the bugs and blow up their nests, then loot them for a small collection of runes.

Objective	Reward
For destroying the Monster Nest	20 XP Each
John's New Job
From the Endrega nests head south-west to find the village of Ursten. Besides the signpost, there's not much of interest here... just a Merchant who doesn't even play Gwent. Oh well. Take a road leaving Ursten to the north until it forms a triangle splitting in three directions. Follow the western road a bit and you'll find a camp south of the road. If you rescued John Verdun... the deserter that was going to be fed to Drowners back in Velen. Seems he wasn't brave enough to stand and fight the Nilfgaardians, but he's proved more than capable of banditry. He'll offer to thank you for rescuing him earlier. If you accept he'll hand you some Crowns and you'll get an experience reward. Alternatively you can state your regret for rescuing John, which provokes him and his Bandit buddies. Kill them, then search some note under a shelter to the south to find a "Letter From Toben."

Objective	Reward
For reuniting with John Verdun	50 XP
50 Crowns
For fighting John Verdun	50 XP
Hidden Treasure: Coast of Wrecks (level 15)
Head west and slightly south from John's camp to reach the coast. South-west of the coast you'll find three small islands, on the eastern-most of which is absolutely infested with Drowners (level ten) and occassionaly a Mucknixer (level fifteen), which is just a stronger form of Drowner. Kill the horde of Necrophages and search the western end of the island to find the remains of a ship, near which you'll find a chest which contains a "Letter." Pick it up and read it to start (and advance) the quest "Coast of Wrecks." Venture west into the water to find a chest containing quality loot, then turn south-west and dive to find another chest. The third chest can be found on the northern end of the island to the south, while the fourth is just to the south-west of the last one, past a bush.

Widow's Grotto
Swim north to return to the mainland... or at least, to a more significant island. Continue up the shore to the north to find a cave entrance, and the "Widow's Grotto." Head inside the nearby cave, where you can score two chests and a few other, less profitable containers.

Bandit Camp (level 9)
Head east and slightly north to reach a road, east of which is a Bandit's Camp. Kill the Bandits (level nine) then loot the houses, in one of which are two chests. The chest being molested by some parcels contains the superior loot.

Smuggler's Cache
If you head north from the Bandit Camp you'll reach a Scoia'tael camp in the woods, where you can find a Merchant to trade with, although he doesn't sell anything unique. North-east of the Bandit's Camp is the "Lucian's Windmill." Underneath the windmill itself you'll find a chest. Alternatively, follow a road north-west from the Bandit's Camp until it forks into three new paths-north, north-west, and north-east. Veer west off the road here, head over some hills, and dive into the water. Swim west to find a Smuggler's Cache event. Dive near the barrels and score three chests anchored here.

Guarded Treasure (level 14)
From the site of the Smuggler's Cache continue swimming west until you find a small island with a scuttled ship near the eastern shore. Swim around the boat and reach the shore near the boat, where you'll find a skeleton near which is the book "Captain's Log." Take it, read it, then turn around and swim onto the boat, looking for the gap in the railing where you can climb aboard. One on the ship head below deck to find a chest which contains the book "Mage's Note" and the Diagram: Feline Crossbow.

Leave the boat and explore the northern end of the island to find a nesting Basilisk (level fourteen). Ciri battled one earlier-now it's our turn. The Basilisk fights much like a Wyvern, save the Basilisk can poison you, and it'll spit poison at your from a distance. It's also somewhat more fond of staying in the air, trying to remain aloft as much as possible. Kill the beast and search its nest, north of which is a corpse containing some nice loot.

From the Lighthouse to Novigrad Outskirts
Swim back to shore then continue following the coast north-west until you find the "Lighthouse" signpost. The lighthouse itself contains some loot you can crab, but nothing exceptional. Now follow the northern coast to the east to find the "Logger's Hut" signpost, which again, isn't very interesting, but it's worth getting the signpost. Continue east along a road until you reach the outskirts of Novigrad.

Two bridges-both with their own signposts-lead north to southern Novigrad. The "Portside Gate" is to the west, while the "Glory Gate" is to the east. In between them you can find a notice board, where you can pick up the notices "Contract: Devil in the Woods" and "Contract: The White Lady," which start the quests "Contract: Lord of the Wood" and "Contract: The White Lady." The former is too high of a level for us right now, but the latter should be well within our means. Ignore the notice "High Stakes Gwent Tournament!" as the related quest is currently unavailable, despite being posted.

Smuggler's Cache
Before we run off to deal with any quests, though, head to the "Glory Gate" signpost, and from there dive into the canal outside of Novigrad and swim to the north-east to find a "Smuggler's Cache" event. Loot the three chests connected to barrels, then return to shore. Easy-peasy.

Contract: The White Lady (level 16)
We might as well do the quest "Contract: The White Lady," since it takes place to the south of where we are now. Head south from the notice board where, behind a house, you'll find a lady named Helma, who will tell you about the White Lady and her most recent victims-Micko and a band of fellow drunkards who chose an unusual-but unfortunately uneffective-method for trying to banish the White Lady. Accept to help (after haggling for money, first, if you wish) then head off to find this White Lady.

Head south and slightly east from the outskirts to find a search area. Just east of the center of this area you'll find Micko and his gang, unburied in the fields as Helma told us. Use your Witcher Senses and investigate the bodies and some discarded bodies, then after searching the three bodies follow a trail to the south (after investigating it) and it'll lead you to Drahim Castle.

Search a blood trail outside the castle, which seems to lead down some stairs. Before we follow the trail, however, let's explore the castle, as there's some pretty nifty loot inside. First loot a barrel south-west of the stairs down, where you'll have a chance to score quality loot. There will be plenty of barrels and parcels in the castle which hold Diagrams and Formula-containers which normally don't contain such treasures. Be sure to loot everything.

Head south-east to find a door which can be broken down with Aard, then enter the chamber beyond. There are multiple levels up and down, littered with great loot at no cost to ourselves. Atop the tower are the remains of a whirlwind near a chest that can be investigated, for what that's worth, while at the bottom of the tower you'll find a chest containing "Prince Adrien's Journal" and the Diagram: Feline Steel Sword. If you're fortunate, you could walk out of this place possessing half a dozen new Diagrams/Formula.

Leave the tower and return to the stairs, where a trail beckons us. head down the stairs, loot whatever containers are around and go down another flight of stairs to the south-east, where you'll find the missing body. Examine it and Geralt will decide he needs to find something that belonged to our prey, so we can lure it out.

Objective	Reward
For finding all of the Noonwraith's victims	25 XP
Return to the outskirts and talk to Helma, who, when Geralt reveals the nature of the White Lady, will instantly identify who the victim was in life. You'll be given the significant belonging you need to lure the fiend, as well as some backstory about the cause of this event. Take the Silver Dagger you're given and return to the site of Micko's massacre. Prepare as you wish, then active the fire to dispose of the dagger and summon the White Lady. Typical Noonwraith rules apply-use Yrden to force the wraith to manifest so you can harm her with your Silver Sword, then Strong Attack and dodge until she's dead, smiting her life-draining clones when she summons them. Loot her remains for the Silver Sword Deithwen and another Noonwraith Trophy. Once the looting is done, return to Helma and collect your reward.

Objective	Reward
For slaying the White Lady	260 XP
184 Crowns
Two Taverns and a Crossed Witcher
Cunny of the Goose
From the outskirts follow a road near the shore to the east where, at a crossroads, you should find a Merchant... not a wandering one, even! He's got a proper stall and everything. Shop from him as you wish, then take a road south to find the "Cunny of the Goose" signpost near a lake. Loot around the inn, as there's plenty of nice alchemical and crafting components here, then head inside. You can talk to Brean Hotsch, who is involved in the quest "Contract: Lord of the Wood" quest, but we need not bother just yet. Instead, talk to the Innkeeper and play Gwent with him. Be sure to buy some cards from him, including an "Impera Brigade Card," a "Young Emissary" card, the "Francesca Findabair, Daisy of the Valley" card, a "Havekar Healer" card and a "Scorch" card. The latter card will be restocked until you've accumulated three of them. You can also find an Herbalist who likes to hang outside of the tavern, although he doesn't sell anything worthwhile.

Guarded Treasure (level 18)
Leave the tavern and head down a road to the south, along the eastern side of the lake south of Cunny of the Goose. Keep following this road south until you find a Guarded Treasure along another road to the south-east, which once led to Hindhold. Here you'll find a Wyvern (level eighteen) guarding a treasure chest that's lying in some water. Kill the beast, then take its treasure.

Monster Nest (level 6)
Head along a road to the south-west to find a Monster Nest, guarded by a group of Rotfiends (level six) near some huts. Kill the Rotfiends and blow up their nest and kill the strong Rotfiend (level five) that emerges. Once you pop that one, loot the nest, then search a around the huts for a variety of containers that can be looted.

Objective	Reward
For destroying the Monster Nest	20 XP
Now to sum up the rest of this island, as there's really not much left of interest. In the fields north-east of Cunny of the Goose you might come across another Noonwraith (level fifteen), who fights in an identical fashion to every other Noonwraith we've encountered thus far. Along the south-eastern corner of the island you can find a Redanian outpost, south of which you'll find discarded military equipment, now guarded by Drowners (level nine) and Wolves (level five). Just west of the bridge connecting this island to a larger landmass to the east you'll find the "Eternal Fire Shrine"-the signpost and the area.

Seven Cats Inn
North-east of Cunny of the Goose you'll find a bridge crossing some water to the north beyond which you'll find the "Seven Cat's Inn." Head inside the Inn (perhaps after reading the notices on the notice board... for flavor, not for quests) and talk to the Innkeep, who will play Gwent with you. Once you beat her, buy the following cards from her: "Impera Brigade," "Young Emissary," "Havekar Smuggler" and "Mahakaman Defender."

Smuggler's Cache
Head north from the Seven Cat's Inn until you reach the spot where three roads converge into one. At this point veer off the road to the west and dive into the water, where you'll find a "Smuggler's Cache" event. Grab the free loot. Smugglers don't deserve to keep their caches.

Guarded Treasure (level 8)
Swim north, under the bridge that connects the nonhuman district of Novigrad to the land north of the Seven Cat's Inn. Keep swimming north until you reach a small village outside of Novigrad named "Arette". Be sure to get the signpost. There's a quest we can start nearby, but before we bother head north-east from Arette to discover a marsh where a "Guarded Treasure" event can be found. Murder the woefully under-leveled Water Hag (level eight) then search for a treasure chest, near which are some sacks and two corpses that can be looted.

Following the Thread (level 11)
Return to Arette and head to the south-west to find a small bridge that leads to Novigrad's largest-central-district. Near this bridge is a rather impressive stone millhouse. Head around to the south-eastern side of the building and activate your Witcher Sense to find some blood on the deck outside of the building. Head inside and you'll hear the sounds of combat. Upstairs you'll find a man fighting an Ekimmara (level eleven). Give him a hand and put down the lesser vampire, after which you'll talk to your fellow monster slayer, who just so happens to be a fellow Kaer Morhen-trained Witcher, Lambert. He's got important business drawing him to Novigrad-which he won't elaborate on-but he promises you half of the reward, presumably for the Ekimarra that we killed.

Objective	Reward
For helping Lambert defeat the Ekimmara	50 XP
You'll automatically go to collect the reward with Lambert, but things don't turn out quite so simple-after Lambert yells about some "Jad Karadin," he chases our presumed employer off and leaves us to fend off three Guards (level eleven). Kill them, then loot the area-there are two chests nearby, one under a wagon, and another sandwiched between two crates. Once done, head south-east into a building, where you'll witness Lambert finish his business with the man he chased earlier. Afterwards he'll tell you to meet him back at the Seven Cats Inn... and little else. Loot the building then leave-you're now along the northern end of the nonhuman district of Novigrad, just south of the "Southern Gate" signpost.

Before you head off to meet Lambert, return to the mill and loot the place-no need to let a perfectly good Ekimarra go to waste. Return to the Seven Cat's Inn to find Lambert waiting outside. Talk to him and learn the whole sad story behind his erratic behavior, then the two of you will head into the inn to speake to vienne. Play nice and get all the information you need-seems that she knows precious little, but she knows people who might know more. Seems to further this quest, Geralt will have to heady to Skellige, so we'll put it on the back-burner for now. How come we have to go to Skellige and he gets to deal with Selyse and her brothel, anyways? Hardly seems fair...

Objective	Reward
For chatting with Vienne	80 XP
The Nonhuman District and the Docks
Now it's time to finally turn our attentions to Novigrad. Head nort from the Seven Cat's Inn and cross the bridge into the nonhuman district of Novigrad. Along the western end of the island are three bridges leading to other districts, all marked with their own signposts. the "Southern Gate" and "Tretogor Gate" lead to the large, central district of Novigrad, while the southern-most "Gate of the Hierarch" leads to lower Novigrad.

The Dwarven Document Dilemma (level 2)
Along the eastern coast of the nonhuman district you'll find a bit more to do than discover signposts. Just south of the bridge we used to reach this island you'll find a dwarf named Rostan Muggs standing near the road. Talk to him and he'll tell you of his woes, ultimately starting the quest "The Dwarven Document Dilemma."

Return east across the bridge and, under the eastern arch activate your Witcher Sense and locate where Muggs broke his bottle over his assailant's head. Follow the resulting scent trail back south to the Seven Cat's Inn to find Axel, who is sitting outside of the inn. He has a different take on things-you can either pick a fight with him by being aggressive, then pummel him into submission to get the papers, you can play Gwent for them, or you can use the Axii Sign on him. Of the options, the last is the most lucrative, as it at least gives you some experience.

Objective	Reward
For using Axii on Axel... heh	40 XP
Head back to Rostan and he'll come clean, admitting his wrong-doing. A rather perturbed Geralt briskly asks for his pay, which he receives.

Objective	Reward
For giving Rostan his documents back	20 Crowns
Ronvid, Shield-Bearer and Scarecrow Slayer!
Continue south along the road from Rostan and you'll encounter an old friend... Ronvid of the Small Marsh awaits you, seeking a rematch. This time he sports a shield, which he clearly thinks will make a difference. Fight him and beat him and send him running off again.

Objective	Reward
For teaching Ronvid another lesson	25 XP
Keep traveling along the road, now to the west. To the south you should spot a merchant's shop near the shore. It's run by one "Elihal", who sells fine clothing and masquerade masks, neither of which you need right now. He also plays Gwent, however, so beat him and add another card to your collection.

Continue south along the road from Elihal's shop until you reach a crossroads. Ignore the bridge to the south-east, and instead follow the dirt road to the west, eventually passing through the "Gate of the Hierarch" to reach lower Novigrad. Once here, head south-west and follow a road west along the southern side of the island. The road will turn north-west and run past a sheltered brazier. Head west past the brazier to find a rather non-descript house, inside which dwells the elven Blacksmith Hattori. Don't talk to him yet-as it advances the quest "Of Swords and Dumplings" which is a bit out of our league right now, but it's worth noting his location for later, all the same.

If you head south-west from the Hattori's shop you might encounter a she-elf being harassed by some human racists. If you step in and interfere on the elf's behalf, the racists will leave peacefully enough, but the elf's response won't be quite as thankful as you might expect. If you leave them alone, the men will run the elf off.

From the brazier head north, and when the street turns east, follow it. You should shortly see an Herbalist icon on your mini-map in one of the houses to the north. This Halfling plays Gwent and sells a surprising variety of Formulae, so he's worth visiting.

A Feast for Crows (level 20)
Leave the Herbalist's shop and head east along the road until you spot a small bridge to the north. After you cross it, Geralt will comment about a stench. Follow the scent trail (using your Witcher Senses, of course) west into the grass to find a corpse. Use your Witcher Senses to investigate the corpse, which will start the quest "A Feast for Crows," which might be just a little high of a level for now... or so the level indicator seems, but this is one of many cases where the level of the event doesn't really express the difficulty of the quest (or lack thereof). If you're at least level fourteen, you should find this quest to be quite easy.

Search some bloody footprints near by, then follow the trail back east, then north, before it leads into a house to the east. Inside you'll find some seedy looking Dwarves, who apparently work for someone named "Cleaver." After some babbling you'll be given an ultimatum-give them the key you found on the body, or fight. The former option ends the quest quickly and cleanly... but the reward leaves much to be desired. On the other hand, if you refuse you'll provoke the three dwarves (level twenty). It's an enclosed space, and they have two-handed weapons, so parrying isn't much of an option, and dodging can be tricky. Blast them with Igni or use Axii to take one out of the fight, then focus on any unaffected targets, using Strong Attacks to break their guard, repeating as necessary and in general keeping away from them until you're ready to attack. When they're dead, loot their bodies, then the house in general. The chest in question is upstairs, and contains significantly more loot than you would have obtained by just selling the key.

Objective	Reward
For selling the key to the Dwarves	20 Crowns
Leave the house and head north a short distance until you find a stone arch to the west. Go through the arch and head west along the canal, crossing under a wooden bridge, then passing by a stone bridge to the north. Between this bridge, and another stone bridge spanning the canal to the north, you'll find a brothel to the south. Head inside and talk ot the Madame. Aside from the obvious services such a place offers, you can buy a number of sweets, treats, and booze from the Madame. She also plays Gwent, so be sure to leave her one card poorer before you leave.

Now to turn our attentions to the western part of this disctrict-the crescent moon-shaped docks. Along the north-central part of the crescent you'll find the "Novigrad Docks" signpost. There's also plenty of miscellaneous containers you can loot here, and precious few guards to stop you. If you're diligent, you should be able to stock up on quite a haul of Alcohest, Alchemists' Powder, and Dwarven Spirit, along with the odd bit of junk or valuable alchemy and crafting components.

Warehouse of Woe (level 13)
Along the south-western end of this district-the crescent moon shaped docks-you'll find a dwarf arguing with a human while some rather annoyed-sounding guards look on. Talk to the guard and he'll try to hire you to deal with the monster in the warehouse (how it got there is a matter of some dispute between the dwarf and the human). The guard doesn't care-he just wants it gone, and like a good Witcher, so should Geralt.

Accept to do the job and head inside the warehouse, where you'll find a lone Nekker (level thirteen). Kill it, then search the northern corner of the warehouse to find a footprint and a cage with your Witcher Senses. Examine them, head head outside and report to the guard. You can lie about what you found (or lie about finding anything at all), or you can tell the truth.

Objective	Reward
For dealing with the monster in the warehouse	25 XP
60 Crowns
Pyres of Novigrad
Now it's time to conduct some business-it would be great to explore central Novigrad, but there's a quest that'll get in our way if we try, so we might as well deal with it, first.

Hierarch Square
Head to Hierarch Square, which is located in the central portion of Novigrad, south of the center of the island. When you arrive you'll witness a scene showing the Eternal Flame's fanaticism at its worst. After the fires die down, take some time to explore the plaza, as there's a Merchant, an Herbalist, and an Armorer to do business with. None of them play Gwent, sadly but the Armorer does sell "Edwin Greloff's Third Map," which start the quest "Scavenger Hunt: Griffin School Gear Upgrade Diagrams - Part 3."

In the north-eastern corner of the square you can find a notice board. Grab the notice "Contract: Haunted House" to start the quest "Contract: Doors Slamming Shut," the notice "Contract: Imp" to begin "Contract: An Elusive Thief," "Fist Fights" to start "Fists of Fury: Novigrad" and "Contact: Monster in the Bits" which would begin the quest "Following the Thread"... which we already began in a somewhat less official fashion. Of these quests, the only one near our level is "Contract: An Elusive Thief," which we'll get to, eventually.

Along the south-western part of the square you'll find the dwarf Vimme Vivaldi, who can convert all those Orens and Florins you've been finding into Crowns. He also plays Gwent-he's got an unusual Scoia'tael deck in that he doesn't play too many cards with the "Muster" ability. Instead, he relies on arbitrarily using "Decoy" Cards, and Dandelion, which has the same effect as as "Commander's Horn" Card. Beating him starts the quest "Gwent: Big City Players." We'll get to this Gwent quest shortly, but first, let's track down Triss.

Objective	Reward
For defeating Vimme Vivaldi at Gwent	25 XP
Vesemir Card
Tailing Thieves to Track Triss
When you're done in Heirarch Square, head through some double doors south of the market and head up some stairs to spot a group of thugs rummaging through Triss's belongings. Approach them and either question them by picking the option "Let's talk" or provoke a fist fight by picking the option "Get lost". They both lead to the same dialogue chain, except with the latter option you'll have to beat the thugs into submission, first. Either way, get the information you want out of the two, after which some members of the Eternal Fire shows up, led by one pleasant fellow named Menge. You're deprived of the Thug's company and Menge will make some threats before leaving you to your own devices.

Seems we need to look out for beggars and thieves, as they may lead us to where Triss is hiding. Before we bother with that, however, loot the vandalized containers outside Triss' house, note the crude graffiti outside, then head inside and loot. Activate your Witcher Senses and spot some herbs on the floor, then investigate a brush on the table. Head upstairs and loot some more, then search some amulets on a table. Climb another set of stairs where even more loot awaits your looting pleasure. Investigate some clothes on the floor, then grab the Rose of Remembrance from the bedside table-a gift Geralt gave Triss in The Witcher 2. All this really does is confirm that this was, in fact, Triss' abode.

Leave Triss' house and return to Heirarch Square, where Geralt will spot some thieves plying their trade. Wait around near one of the search areas for another thief to show up and perform some skulduggery (your Witcher Senses won't help you here, you'll need to keep an eye out for this on your own) then follow them, keeping a healthy distance.

Follow the thief through a door and you'll be pestered by a beggar. Either pay him (twenty Crowns), ask for the King of Beggars, or tell him to piss off, then follow the thief east, then drop down a ledge. Continue east through some double doors, then travel downhill to the south. After witnessing an exchange, follow the new target west along the canal, then south across a bridge and under an arch. Finally the stolen coin will be dropped off at its destination. Wait for the thief to depart, then head up to the door and knock on it. When the doorman arrives you'll have to either bribe him (fifty Crowns) or use the Axii Sign on him to get him.

Objective	Reward
For using Axii on the doorman	40 XP
For gaining access to the Putrid Square	100 XP
Putrid Square
Before we go looking for Triss, head into a shop to the north, where you'll find a Merchant. He'll sell some Zerrikanian Saddlebags, which will improve your maximum carry weight by one hundred-a very welcome upgrade. He will also buy almost anything you could wish to sell, which is nice. Most importantly, however, he plays Gwent, fielding a pretty tenacious Monster deck, complete with plenty of cards with the "Muster" ability and the odd "Commander's Horn" and "Scorch" cards.

Once you've beaten him and added another card to your collection, leave the shop and head east, then go through a door to find Triss and this "King of Beggars". Listen to him babble, then he'll give Triss and Geralt some alone time, which Triss decides to squander by taking us on a job. Follow her west and leave the Putrid Grove, then you'll chat with Triss some more, after which you'll need to follow her to a store.

Triss's New Gig
She'll talk to the storekeep named Kluhg, who was apparently less than diligent about delivering some supplies for Triss. Regardless of how you respond, you'll end up agreeing to go fetch the discarded contraband yourself. Loot the house, then open a trap door, then climb down a ladder to reach the sewers under the shop, where you'll have to dispatch a Drowner (level ten). After it's dead loot a chest behind the ladder, as well as two chests in the south-western corner of the chamber to the north. There's other containers to search, but those two have the best stuff inside.

Once that's done, search the eastern side of the brick pillar with your Witcher Senses to find a button. Press it to open a secret passage to the north. Head outside and into a canal, which you should follow west. Triss will babble, and you'll get a cutscene as you cross under a bridge. Head into the lovely-and totally not sewage-filled-waters of the canal and swim west with your Witcher Senses active, scanning the ground for our misplaced package. Loot two chests along the way, then find the Leather Sack near a sunken boat next to a bridge.

Return to Triss and hand her the package, then follow her to her destination-bantering along the way. Meet with the merchant to discover Triss' unflattering new job (and her desperation for work), then head inside the granary. After Triss tells you what to do, head east from the entrance until you reach the eastern wall of the granary and, with your Witcher Senses active, find the spot to place the first trap. Head down some stairs to the north and continue north to reach another wall, where the second trap can be placed. Finally, head west-up then down some stairs-to find the third spot to place a trap on some wooden planks. Return to the entrance and Triss will work her magic, which gets rid of the rodents.

After a bit of chatter, the merchant will show up again with some Eternal Fire goons in tow. Apparently he decided he could hire Triss, then rat her out and avoid paying for her work. Kill the three Witch Hunters (level ten) then head outside to confront the false merchant. Geralt extracts some justice out of him, and Triss will suggest that a local "oneiromancer" might help Geralt find Ciri. This ends "Pyres of Novigrad" and begins "Novigrad Dreaming."

Objective	Reward
For reuniting with Triss	200 XP
The Great Gwent Diversion
We now have access to central Novigrad-unimpeded by random cutscenes cropping up. Now is as good of a time as any to explore central Novigrad... and so we will, but we'll also focus on advancing the all important Gwent sidequests. There are a lot of them which can be started (and finished) here. If you have no interest in Gwent, skip ahead to "Exploring Central Novigrad."

First up, we need to finish the quest "Gwent: Playing Innkeeps." It just so happens that our third and final target is nearby in Novigrad. Return to Hierarch Square and head north to the signpost along the north-eastern end of the plaza. Head up the stairs behind the signpost to enter the rather high-end tavern named "The Kingfisher." Inside you'll find Olivier, the Innkeep. Play him and you'll win the "Tiborof Eggebracht" card, a 10 Strength Ranged Unit Card for Nilfgaardian decks. He will also sell a "Havekar Smuggler" card, a "Mahakaman Defender" card, a "Vrihedd Brigade Veteran" card, and a "Havekar Healer" card, should your Scoia'tael deck need some improvements.

Objective	Reward
For defeating Olivier at Gwent	25 XP
Tibor Eggebracht Card
So ends the quest "Gwent: Playing Innkeeps" but we've another Gwent quest to complete. After beating the Bloody Baron we should have begun the quest "Gwent: Velen Players." These guys can be more of a challenge than the Innkeeps were, so now, finally, it's time to discuss some basic Gwent strategy.

Note: More in-depth discussion of Gwent can be found in the "Gwent Information" section of the guide.

Gwent Strategies
First, the Northern Kingdoms Deck should be all you need-it's not the only one that can win, but by now it's probably the most well-developed. The note-worthy unit cards you should have by now include Yennefer of Vengerberg, Prince Stennis, Crinfrid Reavers Dragon Hunter (x2), Dun Banner Medic, Sigismund Dijkstra and Blue Stripes Commando (x3). In addition to these your deck should be enhanced by three Decoy cards, three Commander's Horn cards, and perhaps a Clear Weather card. The best leader card to use, arguably, is Foltest, Lord Commander of the North, as it gives you a free "Clear Weather" effect once per game, which is a good safety net. On top of all that, stack your deck with the strongest unit cards you have. It's hard to gauge exactly what else you might have, since card drops from playing random merchants is random-if you're lucky you might have the Villentretenmerth card, or even Phillipa Eilhart.

The strategy is simple-use your Tight Bond cards and Commander's Horn to pummel lesser decks into submission. Crude, but effective. More powerful opponents won't be so easily defeated, however. Monster decks, particularly, can use cards with the "Muster" ability to summon up a host of (usually Close Combat Unit) cards that even the Northern Kingdoms deck can't out-power, especially if they pair, say, Vampire cards and Crone cards with Commander's Horns and "Eredin, King of the Wild Hunt".

More advanced strategies revolve around the smart use of cards with the "Medic" and "Spy" abilities. Both are simple enough-play a Medic card and you can raise another non-hero unit card. Play a Spy card and you get to draw two cards at the cost of adding that Spy's Strength to your opponent's total. With a powerful deck full of Decoy, Tight Bond, and high-powered unit cards, this is worth the trade-off, but weaker Spy cards are, in this case, more useful than stronger ones. Both Prince Stennis (5 Strength) and Sigismund Dijkstra (4 Strength) are passable at this task.

When you throw Decoy cards into the mix, however, things get really fun. If an enemy uses a Spy on you, use Decoy to bring that card into your deck, then play it back at them, nullifying their advantage. Use Decoy on a Medic card, then play it again to revive another card. Especially useful for playing cards with Tight Bond in an earlier round, then recycling them in later rounds. If you have the Villentretenmerth card, you can use it to great effect against Monster decks, as its special ability (Scorch-but only on enemy close combat cards, and only against them if they have ten or more Strenght in that row). Just play him, kill the enemy's stronger close combat units, then use Decoy, and play him again. If those pesky Monster Decks want to use Commander's Horn, Crones, and Vampire cards... fine. But our dragon will have a field day with them, and leave them with nothing.

All these special cards can be somewhat cumbersome-if you get too many Decoys and Commander's Horns, and too few unit cards, you could find yourself in more trouble than you'd be without them... but against more sophisticated opponents, such a risk is necessary, and using Spy cards to draw large hands should help ensure that you end up with whatever you need to win.

Playing Random Gwent Players
Of course, all of these tactics are useless if we don't have strong enough cards. If you've done everything suggested in the walkthrough so far, you should be fine... but it never hurts to score more cards. We should have played all the merchants in Oxenfurt (the Blacksmith and Armorer are very challenging foes, so if you skipped them, it's fine to come back after the next Gwent quest "Gwent: Velen Players") of which there were four-including Stjepen, the innkeep who was part of the quest "Gwent: Playing Innkeeps." The Innkeep at the Inn at the Crossroads (also part of the quest "Gwent: Playing Innkeeps"), the three merchants in Crow's Perch, the two in Blackbough, thre three in Lindenvale, the two in Midcopse, and Oreton and Downwarren both had one merchant to play.

If that's not enough, there are more merchants you can play in Novigrad-quite a few more, in fact. We recently played the Innkeeps at Cunny of the Goose and the Seven Cat's Inn, as well as the elven merchant Elihal in the nonhuman district and the Herbalist and Madame in the docks district, not to mention the Merchant in the Putrid Square during the quest "Pyres of Novigrad."

In addition to all that, there's an Alchemist, two Blacksmiths, two Innkeeps, a Loan Shark and five Merchants in the central part of Novigrad, not to mention a Priest of the Eternal Flame in the upper district. You can also play Gwent with the Nilfgaardian Nobleman back in Vizima, who should now be beatable. This doesn't include every Gwent player in Velen/Novigrad-but it does account for a vast majority of the ones we have access to right now.

The cards you'll get from these random merchants are random, but can include a host of really great cards, the best of which at this point in the game is probably the "Villentretenmerth" card. You can save/load matches until you get the card you want, but it's arguably better to just play as many people as you can. Gwent cards from merchants are random, but they also come from a finite pool. Each merchant can only give you one card, but on the bright side, if you get a junk card from one, you're more likely to get something better from the next one. When you've played all the random merchants in the game, you'll stop gaining anything from playing Gwent. There are more random merchants to play Gwent with than there are random Gwent cards, so don't worry about finding every single one. We won't be able to complete our random Gwent cards until we reach Skellige.

Gwent: Velen Players
When you're done playing random folk, it's time for more running around. First head to Oreton and find the Boatwright, who you should challenge to a game of Gwent. His deck is a decent-but not exceptional-Nilfgaardian deck. He's got plenty of 10 Strength cards, and he might play "Scorch" but otherwise, he's a fairly easy win, and coughs up the "Letho of Gulet" Hero Card when he loses.

Objective	Reward
For defeating the Boatwright at Gwent	25 XP
Letho of Gulet Card
Diagram: Enhanced Feline Steel Sword
Next up is the the Old Sage in Benek, which is east of Reardon Manor. Along the way, let's collect some nice loot and blow up some monster nests, eh? Fast-travel to the Reardon Manor and head north-east to find a cave at the end of a road (these roads are apparent on the map, so it should be no difficulty finding this location). Head inside the cave and use your Witcher Senses on a rock along the entrance (to the south-east) to spot the Cat symbol. Continue south-west into the cave and when you spot some elven floor tiles turn south-east to find a chest with the Diagram: Enhanced Feline Steel Sword inside.

Monster Nest(s) (level 9)
Leave the cave and head south-east to find fields liberally littered with Monster Nests. These nests are all guarded by Nekkers (level eight) and the odd Nekker Warrior (level nine). Kill the guardians, blow up the nests, and loot the remains. There are four nests in total. Near the eastern-most nest, you'll find a sacked caravan with some containers you can loot.

Objective	Reward
For destroying the Monster Nests	20 XP Each
After destroying-or bypassing-the Monster Nests continue east to reach Benek, where you can find the Old sage along the northern end of the south-westernmost building. Talk to him and challenge him to game of cards (ignoring his quest). He uses a fairly potent Monster deck. Count on him exploiting cards with the "Muster" ability and using the special ability of "Eredin, King of the Wild Hunt" to double the strength of his Close Combat Unit cards. He's also got a "Scorch" card up his sleeves. When you defeat him you'll earn the "Crone: Weavess" Card, a mid-Strength card with the "Muster" ability.

Objective	Reward
For defeating the Old Sage at Gwent	25 XP
Crone: Weavess Card
Next head to Midcopse and look for Haddy, the ten year old Gwent Savant. Play him and you'll find that he's got a sturdy deck of cards, but nothing insurmountable. Trounce him and you'll get two cards; "Vernon Roche" and "Eredin, Bringer of Death." Can't go wrong with a 10 Strength Hero Card for the Northern Kingdoms. As for the Leader Card... eh.

Objective	Reward
For defeating Haddy at Gwent	25 XP
Vernon Roche Card
Eredin, Bringer of Death Card


Novigrad (Continued)
Gwent: Big City Players
You should have already defeat Vimme Vivaldi during "Pyres of Novigrad", so let's go to the next opponent. Once that's all done, head to Novigrad and find Vimme Vivaldi along the south-eastern edge of Hierarch Square. Talk to him and play him at Gwent-he's got an unusual Scoia'tael deck in that he doesn't play too many cards with the "Muster" ability. Instead, he relies on arbitrarily using "Decoy" Cards, and Dandelion, which has the same effect as as "Commander's Horn" Card. Beating him starts the quest "Gwent: Big City Players."

Objective	Reward
For defeating Vimme Vivaldi at Gwent	25 XP
Vesemir Card
Head over to the Passiflora, which is a high-end brothel just north-east of the "St. Gregory's Bridge" signpost and play Marquise Serenity. She plays a fairly mundane Nilfgaardian deck, stacked with weather effects, which can be easily countered with "Foltest, Lord Commander of the North" or "Clear Weather". When she loses she'll cough up the "Morvran Voorhis" Card, a 10 Strength Hero Card, and a fine addition to any Nilfgaardian deck. She'll also suggest your next challenge. Beating her postpones the quest "Gwent: Big City Players," which we'll pick up later when we advance the main story further. Before you go, be sure to buy her "Mahakaman Defender" Card, her "Dol Blathanna Archer" Card, and most of all, her "Catapult" Card. The first two are mediocre Scoia'tael cards, but the last is an 8 Strength Siege Combat card with the "Tight Bond" ability for the Northern Kingdoms.

Objective	Reward
For defeating Marquise Serenity	25 XP
Morvran Voorhis Card
High Stakes Gwent
Entering the Tournament
You have two ways to start the next quest-either head over to most any notice board in Novigrad and take the notice "High Stakes Gwent Tournament" or simply head north to find a Scribe denying a potential Gwent player entry into a tournament. After our sad reject departs, talk to the scribe, show him your cards, and pay the 1000 Crown entry fee. High stakes tournament, indeed! Don't worry about the level of this quest-it's easy enough to complete at any level... at least, the card games will give you more trouble than the combat will. If it's too rough, you can always come back at a later date.

Once you pay up you'll get your ticket and head upstairs, where a woman named "Sasha" will pester you. Talk to her to learn the names of your competitors, including Patrick Hazelnutt, Bernard Tulle, Finneas and Count Tybalt. Follow Sasha's advice and talk to your competition while we wait for Count Tybalt.

Geralt vs. Barnard Tulle
After you're done talking to the last of the three the rules will be announced the players will be paired off-your first foe will be against Barnard Tulle. Talk to him to play him. He's got a powerful, but rather straight-forward Northern Kingdom decks, including 15 Strength Hero Cards like "Geralt of Rivia" and "Ciri". He's also fond of "Biting Frost" cards and not above using "Commander's Horns" and "Scorch". He will also make use of his "Foltest, the Steel-Forged" card, which will limit the usefulness of your siege cards-try to avoid playing too many of the same Strength at once to avoid this card. Sadly, your Catapults will have to be sacrificial lambs here. This is also the card you win if you defeat the halfling.

Objective	Reward
For defeating Barnard Tulle at Gwent	22 XP
Foltest, the Steel-Forged Card
After the match Sasha will bother you again and ask to talk to you on the balcony. Agree and follow her to hear her out, where she'll tell you what she's after here, and where she heard of you. Best case scenario you win the tournament and have control of the winner's purse yourself. If you fail to win... well, she insists it might be lucrative if you remain until the end anyways. We should have no intention of losing, however.

Note: The quest follows a somewhat different course if you refuse Sasha's scheme or lose a round at Gwent, but since those both lead to sub-par rewards, they should be discounted as less than ideal ways to complete this quest, and won't be mentioned here.

Geralt vs. Sasha
Return back to the common room where the next two opponents will be named-seems like you're playing Sasha. Head back upstairs and talk to Sasha, who insists you play to the best of your capabilities. Oh, we shall. Her deck is a rather straight-forward Nilfgaardian deck, filled with "Scorch" cards, Spys, Medics, "Villentretenmerth" (which she doesn't bother using to great effect as well as the odd Hero Card (she can use Dandelion and Geralt, as well as a few of the Nilfgaardian heros you should have already won.) She''ll also use her "Emhyr var Emreis, the Relentless" leader card to snatch a card from your discard pile. Otherwise... she's not too fond of weather cards, nor can she often counter them, but since she's likely to have more hero cards than you, it might not be wise to carpet each game with weather effects.

Objective	Reward
For defeating Sasha at Gwent	45 XP
Emhyr var Emreis, the Relentless Card
Geralt vs. Finneas
Defeat her and you'll immediately be put into a match with Finneas, who only agrees to play when faced with forfeiture. He's by far the easiest opponent we've faced, using a fairly standard Scoia'tael deck. He has a few Hero Cards, and high-strength cards, and some "Muster" cards, but honestly he can be easily defeated with a lucky hand of Spy/Decoy cards to simply out-spend him, or Villentretenmerth/Decoy, to blast away his "Muster" cards. Good news for us, since we can't save in between him and Sasha.

Objective	Reward
For defeating Finneas... at life	45 XP
Francesca Findabair, Queen of Dol Blathanna Card
After the match he'll take offense at losing, and start a fight. Although he's high level, if you know how to parry punches by now, he's no more difficult than any other fist-fighter. Just parry, counter, and continue until he falls. Once he does, you'll be able to challenge Count Tybalt for the grand prize. Save your game, then play Gwent with Tybalt.

Geralt vs. Count Tybalt
As you might expect, he's got a Monster deck. While these can be initially challenging, by now Monster decks are very predictable. Use Spys to out-card him (a tactic which doesn't work as well for him when he attempt to Decoy your Spys back at you, since the Monster deck relies heavily on "Muster" cards), and if you're lucky, you'll get Villentretenmerth, which you can spam with Decoy to obliterate said "Muster" combos. When you defeat him, you'll get yet another Leader card-"Eredin, Destroyer of Worlds."

Objective	Reward
For defeating Count Tybalt at Gwent	72 XP
Eredin, Destroyer of Worlds Card
The Heist
Once you are victorious you-and Count Tybalt-will be informed that some dastardly thieves snuck off with the purse! Sasha proclaims her innocence to Geralt, and he takes her at face value. Agree to help her recover the coin-your coin-and she'll smooth talk her way past a guard. Follow the guard upstairs to the scene of the crime, where after more wordplay from Sasha we'll be left alone. Use your Witcher Senses and search dead guard, then investigate the scratch on the floor near the door to the north. Head out onto the balcony and search a crossbow bolt tied to a string to the east.

Geralt and Sasha will talk some more and deduce a probable sequence of events. Head downstairs and leave the brothel to find a search area along the north-eastern corner of said brothel. Activate your Witcher Senses and investigate some rope, after which Geralt will detect a scent trail. Follow the trail south then up some stairs to find a box on the ground, which bears markings that lead Sasha to suggest a specific warehouse.

Objective	Reward
For following the thief's trail	45 XP
Head to a warehouse along the south-western edge of Novigrad's central district, where you will rendezvous with Sasha, who is spouting a sensible change of attire. Circle around to the northern end of the warehouse (perhaps stumbling upon the wagon the thieves used earlier) and climb some boxes to reach a wooden platform that will grant us access to the warehouse.

Go through a window and drop down to the floor to find our thieves loitering around along the south-eastern side of the building, led by their boss-as expected, one of our fellow Gwent players. Violence is, of course, unavoidable, and these Bandits are quite powerful (level twenty-six), but despite being possibly out-matched, there are a few factors that make this fight winnable. First, we have lots of room to retreat. Second, countering a few aggressive Bandits isn't too hard, regardless of their level. Third, we can use hit and run tactics, the good old Strong Attack/Dodge combo that works so well. Fourth, Sasha will help us, and she's powerful and invincible, so while we play defensively, she will likely do most of the work.

After they're all dead, Sasha will invite you to dinner at the Kingfisher. Question her further and she'll give you her-almost-real name, then accept the dinner invitation. We'll rejoin our conspirators back at the aforementioned inn, where Geralt is telling a story. Sick of the small talk, Sasha-or whoever she really is-will invite Geralt upstairs for an intimate re-enactment of his past exploits. This ends the quest "High Stakes." We got a bit of coin, a few new Gwent cards, and got laid. All in all, a good day for Geralt. Read the note "Letter from Cantarella" on the bed when you come to... ah well, easy come, easy go.

Objective	Reward
For stealing back the tournament purse	4500 Crowns
Note: The quest Geralt is telling Sasha about during their dinner date is the quest "Blue Eyes" from the first Witcher game. A member of the Order of the Flaming Rose (a militant branch of the cult of the Eternal Fire) asked you to look for his sister, who had taken up working at a brothel run by Vampires. It says something awfully bad about you when your sister would rather be under the protection of Vampires than you.

The Dreamer and Dandelion
Novigrad Dreaming (level 7)
Alas, it's time to take a break from Gwent for a while. Head over to the dreamer's house, which is along the southern-most part of the central district, alongside the canal, in fact. When you approach the entrance of the house a braggart nobleman will accost you. Ask for Corinne and he'll confirm that she is, indeed, inside the house. Ask for more information about the house and he'll tell you about a rather mundane-sounding "haunting", after which he'll notice your swords and let you investigate his property.

Head on inside and loot around, then head into another room to the west, where you'll hear Corinne talking... to herself? Open a trap door and use Aard on a wall to the west to reveal a coallapsed tunnel with some loot inside. Once you've gathered everything here, climb back up to the first floor, then head upstairs and into a room, where you'll witness some creature in a room with a fitfully sleeping Corinne. After Geralt intervenes, Corinne will give him some direction. Loot the room, then a smaller side-room to the north, before going through a door to the east.

Climb a ladder to reach the attic, then loot around some more. When you're done, Aard some furniture to the west to clear the way to another room, wherein you'll find-aside from more lootable containers-the note "Drawing of a Crib" on a chair near the door, and a "Rag Doll" on a bench along the western end of the room. Grab both and read the former, then... well, do what Geralt suggests. Head back downstairs and place the Rag Doll in the crib, which is located in the small room north of where Corinne dreams.

After placing the Rag Doll in the crib, the door will close. Investigate it to find another drawing, this one directing us to the oven in the cellar. Head downstairs and climb the ladder down into the cellar, then examine the oven, where you'll find the creature that was in the room with Corinne. You can play nice with the Godling and try to strike a deal, or you can try and force it out. In the latter case, you'll have to go to the Herbalist in the docks district and buy a "Bundle of Burdock" (11 Crowns) and bring it back to stink the Godling out. Put the Burdock in the oven and hit it with Igni to scare the critter off. Alternatively, if you want to keep the Godling happy, just agree to tell the noble outside that the house is irrevocably cursed and she'll let Corinne wake up.

Head back to Corinne, who is now awake. Talk to her, and, after babbling about her dreams she'll tell you to meet her at the Golden Sturgeon, where she stays. As you leave the house the noble will question what occured. If you drove out the Godling Geralt will tell him the truth, and in return the noble promises to reward you for removing the Godling... after he sells the house, of course. On the other hand, if you let the Godling stay you can either lie and tell him the house is permanently cursed, or you can double-cross Sarah and tell the noble about her.

Note: If you let Sarah stay, you can find the notice "Beware! Haunted House & Cheating Merchant!." Take it to start the quest "Haunted House." Head back to the house to get a scene involving Sarah and Corinne.

Drunks and Dreams
Head over to the Golden Sturgeon by heading west along the canal. Along the southern-dockside-entrance of the inn you'll find two drunkards who want Geralt to finance another round of drinks. Turns out they are butchers, which in their minds makes them professional cousins of ours... or something. Either pay them to go away (25 Crowns), use the Axii Sign to convince them to go home, or respond rudely-twice-to fistfight the one who is too stupid to avoid getting physical with a Witcher.

Objective	Reward
For defeating the drunk at fisticuffs	25 XP
Once you're done dealing with the drunks, head into the Golden Sturgeon, then go upstairs to find Corinne. She'll tell you about her process-simply put, she's got to be nosy and you've got to be honest to get as clear of connection to Ciri as possible. Use this process to get Geralt to talk about his past with Ciri-which is useful if you want backstory, but haven't read any of the books. When you're done filling Corinne in, you'll be asked to name somebody Ciri might have gone to-say Dandelion to learn that he's in town, and the proprietor of a brothel called the "Rosemary and Thyme." This ends the quest "Novigrad Dreaming" and begins "Broken Flowers."

Objective	Reward
For dreaming	100 XP
Broken Flowers (level 11)
Leave the Golden Sturgeon (stopping only to play Gwent with the Innkeep before you leave) then peruse the notice board near the tavern to pick up the notice "Contract Issued by the Temple Guard of the City of Novigrad", which starts the quest "Deadly Delights." It's well within our means, but let's keep on track for a change and go visit Dandelion. His house is north-west of the "Gate of the Heirach" signpost, in the docks district, just north of the aforementioned bridge that connects to the nonhuman district.

As you approach you'll hear the delightful tune of an angry dwarf doing what dwarves do best-beating people up. And this lovely voice happens to belong to that paragon of dwarfdom, our old friend Zoltan Chivay. Geralt will agree to help him do some spring cleaning, after which you'll need to lay the smackdown on four Vagrants (level five), after which the two old pals will chat and share their problems of the day. In this case, however, we've got common ground-Dandelion's gone missing, and its in both our interests to find him.

Activate your Witcher Senses and have a look around the area. On a barrel near the door you can find a "Letter from Frann." Near some beds you can investigate a barrel and Dandelion's discarded lute. On the wall next to the north-western door you can find his diploma. Another note "Letter from Bohmil de Rabbe" can be found near a window along the north-eastern wall. Behind a table you can find another trophy of Dandelion's, near an absurd painting of the bard. Next, the note "Letter from a Female Admirer" can be found on some bedding in the southern corner of the tavern... All this ignores the mundane looting that can be done on this level and upstairs.

All that's well and good and all, but to continue on investigate a wine rack under a window near the door to find "Dandelion's Planner," which includes Dandelion's latest meetings. Zoltan will split the work between the two of you, then proceed to ignore his share by sitting around and cleaning up the tavern. Read the book in your inventory to find a couple of names-Rosa var Attre, Molly, Vespula, Marabella and Elihal. After you're done reading talk to Zoltan again and ask about the names mentioned. Once done, we'll be blessed with five objectives-five ladies to talk to in our search for Dandelion. Joy.

Flowers in the Nonhuman District
Best to start off with the places we've explored most thoroughly. Return to the nonhuman district and head to the south-western end of the island to find Vespula, who is in a spot of trouble. Either pay what she owes (200 Crowns), convince them she's under the protection of the King of Beggars, or say anything else to pick a fight. After you get rid of the Bandits (levels ten and eleven)... one way or another... you can talk to Vespula and get some of the information you need to find Dandelion.

Return to the merchant's shop north-east of the bridge that connects the nonhuman district to the larger island to the south, inside which you'll find Elihal. Ask about Dandelion and... well... elves. What else can you say? Question him and he'll mention a variety of things-including the demise of Kalkstein, an alchemist friend from the first Witcher game (a well paying one, at that). Damn witch hunters... Oh well. More importantly, speaking to Elihal advances our knowledge about where to look for Dandelion.

Sewer Secrets
The next three women can be found in close proximity to one another, as they all reside around a plaza along the northern end of Novigrad's central district (called "Gildorf" when you enter the area), just south-east of the Passiflora and the "St. Gregory's Bridge" signpost. Before you deal with any of the ladies, however, find a open sewer grate near the northern end of the square, near some stairs.

Climb down the ladder to reach the sewers, then head north-east. Fight off an ambush of three Drowners (level eleven) then continue north-east, follow the tunnel down some stairs and into a chamber where you'll again be ambushed, this time by a Water Hag (level twelve) and a pair of Drowners (level eleven). Kill them, then loot some containers atop a wooden platform for some loot, then dispel a wall to the south-east, near said wooden platform, beyond which is a small chamber with unexceptional loot inside. Hmmm. Oh well. If you head down the tunnel to the north-east you'll exit into daylight, and from here if you turn north you'll find some ledges you can climb, which provides an alternate route to reach one of the Dandelion's "flowers"... speaking of which...

The Gildorf Three
Return to Gildorf square and head to the southern-most of the three markers first to find the estate of the baroness la Valette-a lady whom Geralt has history with. No, not THAT kind of history. When Geralt comes calling she'll come out to greet him, accompanied by, of all people, Morvran Voorhis. Anywhere north of the Pontar-even in a "neutral" city like Novigrad-seems like a most dangerous place for a Nilfgaardian general, but Morvran seems comfortable enough to go to some local races-which Geralt is invited to.

Might as well accept, since doing so will allow us to travel instantly to the races which are our destination, anyways. Once at the races Morvran will babble about horses before challenging Geralt to a race. Might as well, as you'll score a prize if you win-it's especially fuh to snipe his pretty Nilfgaardian horse. The race is easy, just stay on course and mind your stamina. Once you win, Morvran will make good on his offer, and Molly will finally be pointed out to you. Talk to her and she'll tell your more information on Dandelion.

Objective	Reward
For winning the race	Superior Racing Saddle
A Barnful of Trouble (level 11)
While we're out here... well, we might as well discover some locations, right? First, head south from the race tracks to find the "Vegelbud Residence" signpost. Now you can easily fast-travel back to Novigrad, if you wish. If you head north-west of here you'll find the "Wheat Fields" signpost at a crossroads. If you head south-west along the road from the "Vegelbud Residence" signpost you'll find Carsten-the town and the signpost. Talk to some peasants near a barn and offer to help them out. They'll lock you inside to deal with the critters inside-which just so happen to be a quartet of Ghouls (level eleven). Kill them and head outside to collect your reward.

Objective	Reward
For killing the Ghouls	25 XP
20 Crowns
Find one of the new signposts out here and fast-travel back to Novigrad, then return to the plaza where the other two girls await. Head towards the eastern-most one this time, heading down some stairs to get to the lower elevations where Marabella dwells. Burst into her house to discover her busy teaching a class of children. Agree to wait for class to be over, then talk to her. Endure her poetry, learn some more information about Dandelion, loot the school, then leave.

Return to the plaza and head north this time. We'll have to find a way to get into the var Attre estate. The easiest way to get inside is to tell the guard out from that you're the new swordplay instructor. Otherwise you'll have to head east of the the Passiflora and run south along ledges, jump a gap and scale some rock walls (on top of one of which is a dead body with a "Love Letter" nearby) to reach the back, where you should talk to Rosa. Either way, you end up having to give Rosa a fencing lesson. Follow the guard into the house and take a Wooden Sword, then head downstairs into a training chamber.

After some chatter Geralt will get rid of his armor and ready the Wooden Sword-fight Rosa and whittle her down to half her life to get her to talk some more. She seems somewhat fascinated by the fact that you're a Witcher-moreso that you're Geralt of Rivia. After you ask her a bit about Dandelion, you'll end up sparring with her again. This time you'll have to take her life bar almost all the way down, after which she'll ask if you'll give her private lesson. Agree to start the quest "Fencing Lessons"... or not. Either way, her more traditional twin sister Edna will show up and talk about Dandelion, at length revealing more information you need. The timed response doesn't really matter, nor does the optional dialogue you can ask them about-just be sure to confirm your interest in teaching Rosa more swordplay.

Head back To Dandelion's tavern, where you'll find Zoltan futilely trying to teach an owl to speak. Ask about his new friend, then compare notes to find that-unsurprisingly-you've been more productive with your time. Zoltan identifies Dandelion's mystery woman, who will be performing at the Kingfisher Inn at night.

We'll get there soon enough. First, however, talk to Zoltan again and indulge him in small talk, if you wish. What you're really here for now, though, is Gwent. Of course old Zoltan plays Gwent! He played Dice Poker in the first game, arm wrestled in the second, now he's moved on to cards in the third. Play him and you'll find that he's got a fairly unsophisticated Scoia'tael deck-cards with the "Muster" ability, some weather cards, and "Commander's Horn" cards aplenty, but we've long since been able to handle brute force decks. Beat him to earn the "Eithne" card, a 10 Strength Hero Card for Scoia'tael decks. This starts the quest "Gwent: Old Pals." He also mentions Vernon Roche-seems the man who survived the death of his king also survived the death of his country... and he's got a nice deck of cards, if we're to believe Zoltan.

Objective	Reward
For beating Zoltan Chivay at Gwent	25 XP
Eithne Card
Anyways, head over to the Kingfisher, which is along the north-eastern end of Hierarch Square-the same bar where we played Gwent with the Innkeep Olivier. When you head inside you'll witness a performance, after which the innkeep from White Orchard will show up and accuse Geralt. Before things get ugly the bard who was performing will take us aside and out of the sight of our accuser. Ask about Dandelion, and after another diversion we'll learn what our friend has-uncharacteristically-been up to. This ends "Broken Flowers" and begins "Get Junior."

Fencing Rosa and Gwenting Roche
We could go hunting Dandelion down-and if that's what you want to do, skip ahead to "Get Junior." There are a few quests we can check out, first, though, and plenty of optional exploration south-east of Novigrad. First up, we have a fencing lesson to teach...

Fencing Lessons (level 12)
Head up to the var Attre estate and talk to the guard outside to find out that Rosa is waiting for you elsewhere-near the bridge in the nonhuman district that connects to the Seven Cat's Inn, in fact.

Objective	Reward
For talking to the guard at the var Attre estate	10 XP
Talk to Rosa when you find her, and she'll shortly send her guard away, then ask you to follow her. It seems she wants a more scenic locale for her fencing lesson than a dank cellar-and she wants a more realistic fight. Defeat her once again (it should be much quicker now that you're using a real sword) and she'll yield. Geralt will then fall for a trick, and Rosa will run off.

Objective	Reward
For fencing with Rosa	25 XP
Activate your Witcher Senses to find Rosa's footprints. Seems she scampered off down the road to the south-east-towards the Seven Cat's Inn. Head over to the aforementioned tavern to find that Rosa's found herself some typical Nordling hospitality. Approach the group and either pick a fight, bribe the pests, or use the Axii Sign to get them to back down. If you pick a fight, put down Lucas and Kobe (both level nine), if not, not. Either way, talk to Rosa afterwards and chastise her to varying degrees depending upon your response. Either way, the lesson is over and Rosa is sent home.

Objective	Reward
For using the Axii Sign on the drunks	40 XP
For rescuing Rosa	25 XP
Well, since we're out here, we might as well start out exploration form the Seven Cats Inn. Head east from the inn and cross a bridge, then, when on the eastern side, turn north to find some marshlands, where Drowners (level nine) prowl. Kill them, and loot some corpses-particularly a soldier near a flag. Once done, head back south and follow the road east.

Death or Novigrad
When you reach a fork, stick to the northern path and keep heading east. When you reach another fork, take the southern fork to find some soldiers hassling some peasants. You can either wash your hands of the situation, pick a fight with the Novigrad Soldiers (level thirteen), bribe the guards (100 Crowns) or use the Axii Sign on them. The last option is by far the most lucrative. After helping the peasants one will tell you about some lucrative tomb near Downwarren-he's referring to Dragonslayer's Grotto, which we've already looted.

Objective	Reward
For using Axii on the guard	40 XP
For helping the peasants	25 XP
Paranoid Travelers
From this encounter follow the road south until you spot a small gathering west of the road. Accept the hospitality, give your name, and chat your new friends up. Eventually one of them-Manfred-will be a little too specific with his information, raising suspicions of the nearby guard. Once these suspicions are raised, the guard will attempt to arrest the "spy", whether you help (as requested) or not. You can either sit the confrontation out, help the soldier, or tell defend the merchant. If you don't give your name, then when prodded, you try to leave, you'll provoke both Manfred and the guard, who accuse you of being a spy. Seems the war has made everybody suspicious.

Objective	Reward
For helping the guard subdue the "spy"	25 XP
For helping the merchant fend off the guard	25 XP
For fighting off your accusers	25 XP
The Temerian Resistance
From the site of the paranoid confrontation follow the road south until the road forks, at which point head east. Cross a small wooden bridge, then take the first road south you see and continue south along this road to find the "Gustfield's Farm" signpost. Along the way you can find some caravans alongside the road, with some loot scattered near them-just don't expect anything exceptional. When you reach the signpost head along another road to the north-east through some fields until you find the "Temerian Partisan Hideout" signpost. Seems kind of silly for such a group to have a signpost, but... whatever.

Approach the cave entrance and a guard will attempt to see you off. Either pick a fight, or stick to the top options until you get the opportunity to use Axii on the guard. After the influence of a Sign or some good old fashioned thumping, you'll be able to pass.

Objective	Reward
For using Axii on the Temerian partisan	25 XP
Inside the cave you'll meet your old friends Vernon Roche and Ves. Patriotism dies hard, it seems. Ask Vernon about what he's been through since you last met-and also learn about the fall of Temeria in the process. When you're done chatting about politics old and new, challenge him to a game of Gwent. He's got a fairly powerful Northern Kingdoms deck, including cards like "Villentretenmerth", "Ciri" and plenty of siege units, which he likes to exploit with his "Foltest, the Siegemaster" card. He's not above using the odd "Commander's Horn", but he has little in the way of "Spy" cards-although he will use "Decoy" on your own Spy cards, if he has them handy. When you beat him you'll add the "Saesenthessis" Card to your Scoia'tael deck.

Objective	Reward
For defeating Vernon Roche at Gwent	25 XP
Saesenthessis Card
After winning, Vernon will mention another player who might be a challenge for us-none other than our fellow Witcher, Lambert. To play him we'll have to advance his quest "Following the Thread," which requires us to travel to Skellige... so we'll be putting that off for a while. Time to get back to rescuing Dandelion.

Count Reuven's Treasure
Sigi's Bathhouse
Let's start out by looking for this "Sigi Reuven" character we were told about. To find him head north from the notice board in Hierarch Square and when the road splits take the western branch (as opposed to the eastern branch that leads uphill). Shortly you'll see some arches to the east, through which is the underground bathhouse we're looking for. Knock on the ornate double doors and, after dropping his name, Geralt will be allowed in.

Change into attire more appropriate for the venue then continue following him through the bathhouse, where you'll meet Sigi-and other members of Novigrad's criminal underworld. Your meeting will be interrupted shortly by some assassins-kill Junior's Henchmen (level eleven and twelve) and continue your meeting with the now-suspicious criminals. After some more arguing, the dwarven criminal Cleaver will stomp off, proving as subtle as his name. The King of Beggars also departs, leaving you and Sigi to conduct business. This starts the quest "The Gangs of Novigrad."

Once you talk to Sigi in private you'll learn his real identity, as well as more information about this "Whoreson" everybody seems to have a problem with now. We need to find him before Cleaver does if we're going to get the information we need from him. Fortunately, there are three places we can go where we might learn some more about where Whoreson is hiding-in his casino, in the arena, and at his house. If all that fails, Sigi himself might know more.

Objective	Reward
For meeting Sigi	150 XP
You can also ask him about Dandelion, but before you do, end the conversation, save your game, and challenge him to a game of Gwent. He's got a pretty paltry Northern Kingdoms deck-he will use a few Hero Cards, and he likes to stack weather and "Scorch" cards, but he's really lacking unit Strength. Beat him and he'll tell you about some elf who plays Gwent, reviving the quest "Gwent: Big City Players" in the process. Your prize for winning is the "Estrad Thyssen" card, a 10 Strength Hero Card for the Northern Kingdoms, but otherwise unremarkable.

Objective	Reward
For defeating Dijkstra at Gwent	25 XP
Esterad Thyssen Card
The Bomb in the Bathhouse
Ask him about Dandelion and he'll confirm that Dandelion crossed Junior at some point... and suggest that he might be able to ask around if you do some work for him. Agree to help him, then follow Sigi down into a secret area under the bathhouse where he'll introduce you to his problem... or rather, the guardian of his problem. He needs you to recover his stolen assets and keep the fact that said assets were stolen a secret. Ask for more information about the heist and you'll get it, along with the formula for Pops' Mold Antidote, which you'll need to explore the sewers.

Well, while we're down here, we might as well help Dijkstra out. Search the remains of a pipe beyond the destroyed wall, then head north-west into the sewers. Activate your Witcher Senses and search a ruined grate in an alcove to the north-west, then follow the current to the north-east. When you reach a gate, turn north-west and investigate another pipe on the floor, then pop some of that Pops' Antidote (it should have auto-equipped in one of your potion slots) and head into the poisonous green clouds. Each potion gives you 360 seconds of protection, and you have three of them-that's about eighteen minutes to do all this or... well, we'll have to waste some Alcohest making more.

Go through the gate to the north-east, kill a Drowner (level nine) and investigate some more pipes on the wall. Loot a chest and other containers on a platform to the north-west, then head down some stairs to the east. Search some rubble at the end of the stairs to find a Silver Emerald Ring on the ground. Continue down a tunnel to the east, then north to enter a chamber where you can find a corpse to investigate. Another corpse can be found to the north. Investigate it, and the Gold Ring that lies opposite him, then turn west, where you'll find another chamber occupied by several Drowners (level nine).

Clear the room then head up some stairs (jumping the gap) to reach an upper level upon which plenty of loot can be found in various barrels and parcels. When you're done enriching yourself return to the lower level and search near the western gate to find part of the bomb. If you continue west you'll eventually reach the canal, and Geralt will comment on how the heist must have progressed.

Objective	Reward
For searching the sewers	200 XP
Return to Dijkstra and tell him what you found and, at length, the two of you will pair off to find out which pipe the bomb was dropped down. Search the eastern-most of the two baths assigned to you and you'll find a piece of the bomb, which prompts Geralt to call Dijkstra over. After he gets Happen to consult the guest book they'll find that their likely bomber just so happens to be a dead man. Looks like we'll need to investigate the house of the late Margrave Henckel.

Objective	Reward
For searching the bathhouse	50 XP
Leave the bathhouse and head south to-and through-Hierarch Square. When you reach the "Hierarch Square" signpost turn west to find the house you're looking for. Use Aard to gain entrance to the curiously run-down house, then activate your Witcher Senses and search some footprints inside. Investigate a cylinder on cabinet along the wall to the east. Loot the level, then follow the trail upstairs, where you'll find a "Bottle of Wine" and a "Mysterious Note" to search. Geralt will read the note aloud when you pick it up. Head over to the wine room to the east and place the bottle in its proper slot to open the secret door back west, where the foot print trail leads...

Head through the aforementioned secret door to find a room with all kinds of things to search, including some spilled Wyvern Oil on the floor near the door, a mixture of substances on a table to the to the west, bomb instructions on a bookshelf hear the bomb-making table (RIP Kalkstein), and finally, the "Letter from Dudu" on a chest near the bed. Geralt will read this letter aloud, too, after which he hears some footsteps.

Objective	Reward
For searching the conspirator's hideout	50 XP
Go downstairs to see who came calling to find none other than Dijkstra, who has hired Triss to help provide magical support. Reveal some of what you discovered to Dijkstra to implicate a fellow nobody here is terribly fond of, then don't correct Dijkstra when he overstates the intimacy you and Triss currently share, if you want to appease Triss. Dijkstra will leave and Triss will tell you to meet her by an Eternal Fire Shrine at midnight-which just so happens to be the brazier we used as a landmark during our earlier exploration of the docks district.

To Catch a Witch... Hunter
When you're ready head to the docks ditrict and meditate at the shrine until midnight (if necessary). When you wake up Triss'll be there, where she'll lay out a plan for Geralt-one which Geralt is, initially (and beyond all belief) initially confused by. The only person that could be dumber than Geralt is our target, if he falls for this ruse.

Geralt will take Triss to the Witch Hunter's barracks, where the temptation of nabbing such a prominent sorceress will gain us access. Access, but not the audience we seek. To effect this we'll need to keep playing the act. If you provoke the Witch Hunters, you'll have to fight your way through the fortress. Kill the initial group of Witch Hunters (level nine) then go through a doorway to the south, where more Witch Hunters await. Fight your way up some wooden stairs to the south and into a building, where you'll find Menge (level ten).

Alternatively you can pick the dialogue options "Wanna talk to Menge," "Got something to offer Menge" and "I'll tell your boss. No one else." to get escorted into the Witch Hunter stronghold, whereupon the Witch Hunters will attempt to take Triss off for a delightful bout of torture. If you refuse, you'll have to fight them here, having only made a bit more progress than you would have earlier-and probably having to end up fighting the same number of Witch Hunters.

If you let them take Triss, (pick the dialogue option "Fine, take her.") you'll be escorted to Menge, where you'll hear the sounds of their interrogation techniques taking effect. Play it cool and pick the dialogue option "Why not?" to have a drink. After it's certain you are who you say you are, say "Your hunters are torturing Triss, but I haven't been paid," then say "Witchers do anything for gold." After this, be sure to say "I'm looking for this treasure..." which will give us the information Dijkstra needs.

Finally, ask about Dandelion. If you asked about Dijkstra's treasure earlier, Menge will turn to violence and you'll have to put down all the Witch Hunters in the stronghold. Otherwise, it's just a subject the two can't come to terms over. In the latter case, Menge will decide to have a look at how Triss is doing, which... ends poorly for him. This will start the quest "A Matter of Life and Death"... if you started a fight earlier, you'll have to do a little more work to start this quest.

No matter how you got to this point, Menge is dead, and Triss will search Menge and-if you killed him-you'll be told to search his desk to find a "Letter to Caleb Menge" (which he will have burned if you talked your way in) and "Menge's Holy Tome." Triss, for her part, will turn up Menge's Key, which... well, it's something. Exit the stronghold via the locked door to the west. Once outside, Triss will decide to blow off some steam and tell you to visit her later. Triss will then begin a little act of arson before teleporting off. Geralt will have to climb atop the roof of a building to the west, then jump over the adjoining wall. Search a wall to the north to find that it's weak-blast it with Aard.

Objective	Reward
For killing Menge yourself	200 XP
For playing along until Triss kills Menge	300 XP
Time to report back to Dijkstra. Fortunately, he's watchful and impatient. Once we're through the wall one of his goons will talk to us, and take us to meet Dijkstra. The two will banter and you can choose to be rude or polite, as you see fit. Depending on what you did earlier you'll have to talk to Priscilla about the Doppler, or go to meet the spy who in contact with Menge-the location of which Dijkstra imparts to us. In the former case read the next two paragraphs, if not, skip them. Our reward from Dijkstra is the same either way.

Objective	Reward
For giving Dijkstra Menge's Key	100 XP
90 Crowns
Note: If you learn about Dijkstra's treasure from Menge and pass this information onto him, he'll help you out later in the game. If not, not.

If you... lacked finesse, shall we say... during our attempt to reach Menge, you'll have to do an extra step-talk to the spy that was in contact with Menge. Travel to the Eternal Fire Shrine east of Hierarch Square and search the eastern edge of the south-eastern most pillar to find the drop box location. Deposit Menge's Holy Tome, then head to the eastern edge of the outskirts of Novigrad and meditate until midnight if you have to.

Once done, head inside and activate your Witcher Senses to find the perfect-if not predictable place to hide. Geralt's not very imaginative. Our spy will show up-after an unexpected visitor-and play the tough guy act until our friend makes him start speaking in a most... awful... way. Learn everything the spy knows, then make a decision concerning his fate. Menge is the key to getting Dandelion, but Menge is dead... seems we need a Doppler, and Priscilla might know how to find one. This starts the quest "A Matter of Life and Death."

Objective	Reward
For interrogating the spy	50 XP
Before we head off to find Priscilla, however, let's clear up one more quest... Fast-travel to the "Logger's Hut" signpost, which is south-west of Novigrad, then head south and slightly east into the forest to find the elven Merchant in the Scoia'tael camp. Now that Djikstra outted him, he'll play Gwent with you, fielding a mundane Scoia'tael deck. A few "Muster" cards, some "Commander's Horn" cards, "Scorch" cards, but nothing spectacular. Once you beat him he'll make you the new owner of the "Cirilla Fiona Elen Riannon" card-Ciri for short-a 15 Strength Close Combat Unit Hero Card, and worthy addition to any deck. You'll also get the "Fancesca Findabair, the Beautiful" card. This ends "Gwent: Big City Players."

Objective	Reward
For defeating the Scoia'tael merchant	25 XP
Cirilla Fiona Elen Riannon Card
Francesca Findabair, the Beautiful Card
Return to a signpost and fast travel to "Hierarch Square" then head north to reach the Kingfisher, where Priscilla is waiting in her room on the second floor. Talk to her and... well, she doesn't help very much. Seems we need to deal with Junior first. This does, however, complete the quest "Count Reuven's Treasure."

Get Junior
Before we can go after Dandelion, we need to find this Whoreson Junior character, and we have three places to search-the Casino, his house, and his arena. But before we go do any of that business, we should go see Cleaver, who is also looking for the Whoreson. Why not help each other out?

The Gangs of Novigrad (level 9)
Head west along the southern end of Hierarch Square then take some stairs north to-and through-a tunnel, where you'll find Cleaver's henchmen. Head inside a house to the north to find Cleaver in the middle of some business. After he's seen to it, he'll talk to Geralt and propose an alliance-a Witcher is a mighty asset alongside some dwarven muscle. If you accept, this quest will run parallel to the stages of "Get Junior." Cleaver will rule out Whoreson's house as a target, suggesting instead that you focus on the casino and arena. If you accept his offer, it will remove any opportunity of finesse or subtlety when dealing with the "Get Junior" quest. A group of angry dwarves tends to do that.

Whoreson Junior's Hideout
Whether you accept Cleaver's offer or not, it's still not a bad idea to check out Whoreson's hideout. Cross St. Gregory's Bridge to reach the Temple Isle, then follow the road north, west, south, then west again to reach the house you're looking for just in from of an arch. Outside you'll see Cleaver's Henchmen, and more are inside making a mess of the place.

Talk to one of the "henchdwarfs" to learn more about what happened-although it should be painfully obvious. On top of it, the dwarf isn't very helpful. Search some documents on the floor, then head upstairs and investigate some rubbish on the floor, then take a look at some torture implements on the wall. After those three things are searched Geralt will decide that this place is a bust-but you can at least loot the house before you leave.

Whoreson's Casino (Sided with Cleaver)
Follow the quest marker to find Whoreson's casino, which is along the eastern side of Novigrad's central district, north-east of Hierarch Square. If you decided to work with Cleaver, you'll find some of his goons out front. Talk to their leader and tell him you're ready to go, then head around the corner and into the casino, killing everything man-sized you see. Grab a "List of Debtors" off the counter, then continue upstairs, murdering as you go.

On the third floor search a chest to find the Steel Sword "Ashrune," then go through the door and talk to Rico. He's been worked over well enough by Whoreson's men, and he's more than willing to talk to get out of here. Listen to what he has to say, then decide whether to set him free or not. In the former case, it'll start the quest "Honor Among Thieves."

Note: If all of Cleaver's dwarves die, you'll fail the quest "The Gangs of Novigrad."

Whoreson's Casino (Didn't Side with Cleaver)
If you didn't side with Cleaver (or you just decide not to bring his goons along for some reason) you'll have to talk to the Bouncers out front and either pick a fight, bribe them (200 Crowns) or use the Axii Sign on them. If you pick a fight... well, things will proceed much like they would with Cleaver's goons, and if you're going to do that, why not side with Cleaver? The following part of the walkthrough will be separated depending on whether you decide to side with Cleaver, or if you for whatever reason decline.

Objective	Reward
For using Axii on the Bouncers	40 XP
Once inside grab the book "Income and Outlays," then head up to the second floor to find some people to play Gwent with. You won't win any cards here, but you can bet for a good deal of money (up to 100 Crowns). Win twice and you'll be invited upstairs, where some goons will declare that they've decided you were cheating. Kill them and talk to Rico, decide whether to set him free or not. In the former case, it'll start the quest "Honor Among Thieves."

Loot the body of one of the goons to find the note "List of Debtors," then leave the room and open a chest to score the Steel Sword "Ashrune." Head downstairs and kill all of Whoreson's Henchmen (level twelve) that oppose you, being sure to thoroughly loot the place as you do.

Objective	Reward
For freeing Rico	XP Varies
Whoreson's Arena (Sided with Cleaver)
Leave the casino and head south, turning east under an arch then go through a tunnel to the north. Continue north until you find another group of Cleaver's men, talk to their leader, then carry on to the north. Kill two Guards (level twelve) outside a gate and head down some stairs and through some gates until you reach another room with more guards. Kill them, then head down a tunnel to the south, where you'll have to fight another batch of guards in another chamber. Further east is a large cluster of foes including the leader of this operation-Igor (level thirteen). Kill them and loot the bodies to find "Igor's Key," which opens the small chest on the table near the chair, which contains a "Message From Igor." Read it to learn about some stash-Whoreson's money.

Backtrack to the east and go through a gate to the north, then head down a ramp to the west. Follow the linear tunnel to the south, through a gate, then continue south into a chamber. Turn on your Witcher Senses and explore the eastern wall to find a secret door, which can be opened by manipulating a torch to the south. Head through the not-so-secret door and loot around... mostly accumulating junk. In a chest along the eastern end of the room, however, you can find a "Mysterious Letter," which confirms Whoreson Junior's little alliance.

Whoreson's Arena (Didn't Side with Cleaver)
Leave the casino and head south, turning east under an arch then go through a tunnel to the north. Keep heading north until you find two Bouncers, whom you can provoke (again, picking a fight here mandates a fight throughout the rest of the area, and if you're going to do that, you might as well score Cleaver's gratitude-and coint), bribe them (100 Crowns) or use the Axii Sign.

Objective	Reward
For using Axii on the Bouncers	40 XP
Breeze past the Bouncers and head down a series of stairs and through some gates. Enter a chamber occupied by several guards and go down a tunnel to the south. Reach another chamber and turn east, where you'll find a man named Igor sitting on a chair. Geralt will ask for a job-tell Igor you want to be a bouncer for the arena and he will decide to test your credentials by throwing you in the arena.

Your first foe will be Gustav Roone (level twelve)-dispatch him and you'll next have to face two brothers from Skellige who wield heavy weapons. The third round will be against a Wyvern (level eleven), while the fourth will be against two Endrega (levels ten and twelve). The final round is against Boris the bear (level eleven). Kill all these critters and Whoreson Junior will show up to congratulate you. Unfortunately, Cleaver picks this time to attack, which causes Whoreson to run off. Dispatch Igor (level thirteen) and his goons, searching the former for "Igor's Key," then head east through the gate they entered.

Approach the eastern wall and Geralt will comment about some peculiar wear he sees. Activate your Witcher Senses to spot a secret door, then interact with a torch on the wall to the south to open said door. In a chest along the eastern end of the room beyond the secret door you'll find a "Mysterious Letter," which confirms Whoreson Junior's little alliance.

Read the mysterious letter, then leave the secret chamber. Go up a tunnel to the north, through a gate, turn west around a corner, then go up some stairs and finally through a gate to the south. Help Cleaver's dwarves kill Whoreson's henchmen in the room to the east, then loot the small chest on a table near the chair from which Igor once presided to find a "Message from Igor." Backtrack west, then go up a tunnel to the north (not back through the gate down to the arena) when you get the chance. When you reach the room you entered into, go through a series of gates and up stairs which eventually lead to the surface.

Objective	Reward
For finding Whoreson's documents	XP Varies
Collecting Debts
Dijkstra, a former political animal himself, would certainly love to know what we discovered about Junior. First however, we should pay Cleaver a visit (if you decided to help him) as well as the King of Beggars (if you freed Rico) as both might just owe us for helping them out. Cleaver will suggest that Junior will not be wise enough to keep his head head down after his casino and arena were raided-and proves that he pays generous. The King of Beggars also proves he's not stingy. For saving Rico we'll score the Silver Sword "Eirlthrad" and some "Freya's Warriors' Armor." This completes the quests "The Gangs of Novigrad" and "Honor Among Thieves," respectively.

Objective	Reward
For helping Cleaver raid Whoreson's establishments	XP Varies
300 Crowns
For returning to the King of Beggars after saving Rico	XP Varies
Eirlthrad
Freya's Warriors' Armor
Return to Dijkstra's bathhouse and head into his office to find the portly former spy and tell him about Junior's Redanian connection. Dijkstra will instruct us to pay our old Temerian buddy Vernon Roche a visit, as he might be able to get us to Junior. Since we've already visited him, you just need to fast-travel to the "Temerian Partisan Hideout" signpost. Turns out we're in luck-Vernon was just about to meet with a Redanian contact, and invites us to meet him near Oxenfurt.

Objective	Reward
For telling Dijkstra about Whoreson's Redanian connection	150 XP


Novigrad (Continued)
Herbalist's Hut
We could just fast-travel somewhat closer to our destination, but let's use this time to cover new ground. Head south and slightly east from the Temerian Partisan Hideout to find the "Herbalist's Hut"-the location and the signpost. Inside you'll find a well-stocked Herbalist who plays Gwent. Beat him, take his card, then ask him about "master formulae" to start the quest "Practicum in Advanced Alchemy," which requires us to travel to Skellige. Once done, continue south to find a bridge leading to a small island east of Oxenfurt. Cross this bridge to reach said island, where Vernon awaits.

Crowns and Complications
Agree to meet Vernon's friend, then follow him to the meeting place, where Vernon astutely notices that something is amiss. Inside you'll find a person... most well-suited to speak of matters concerning Redania. Indulge the ramblings of your new acquaintance and he'll practically hand Whoreson to over to you on a silver platter. As you leave Roche will ask you for a favor, starting the quest "An Eye for an Eye."

Objective	Reward
For talking to Radovid	150 XP
Raiding Junior's Estate
Head north-west along a road from the house Radovid was in to find a bridge leading into Oxenfurt, marked by the "Novigrad Gate" signpost. Cross it, then head to a house just north of the "Western Gate" signpost, easily spotted as some of Whoreson's goons are out front in their typical mask-and-paint getups. Greet them, first with words, then with swords and loot their bodies for a "Key to Whoreson Junior's Estate."

Use the key to open the gate, where you'll find that Whoresone didn't come to Oxenfurt alone-and he doesn't intend on going down without a fight. Or at least, without making his henchmen right. Head east, killing as you go, to reach his estate. Enter the house and kill a few more henchmen, then go through a doorway to the north-east and up some stairs to discover that Radovid was understating when he claimed that Whoreson hasn't been kind to the women who were being sent to him. Investigate a dead woman at the end of the hallway to the south, then go through a door to the east to find Whoreson. Geralt will give him the beating he deserves (well, as much of one as possible while still allowing him to breathe) then he'll ask about Ciri.

Ciri's Story: Visiting Junior (level 9)
Respond to Dandelion however you wish, then climb a nearby ladder and scale a number of ledges to reach the roof. Continue across the roof to the south-east until you're over-looking a balcony. Drop down onto the balcony and go through a window to the north to find Junior picking on Dudu. Defeat Whoreson (level sixteen) in a fight. He hits pretty hard and has a poisoned weapon, but just block his attacks and counter him with Strong Attacks until he falls and you should be fine. Afterwards you'll have to fight your way through the building, killing henchmen on each level-the recollection ends when you walk out the front door.

Objective	Reward
For killing Whoreson Junior	XP Varies
A Favor for Radovid (level 9)
After the recollection Geralt will get to choose whether to kill Whoreson or not. Either way, the quest "Get Junior" is over, and the quest "The Play's the Thing" begins. Grab and read "Balton Dubis' Notes" from the bookshelf near the door, then leave the estate. As you go you'll be accosted by some Redanian soldiers who take you to meet Radovid again. Radovid makes a request of you (and a request from a king is a demand in reality), which starts the quest "Redania's Most Wanted." Everything from leaving Junior's estate to talking to Radovid-which included very little autonomous gameplay-encompassed the quest "A Favor for Radovid."

Objective	Reward
For meeting Radovid... again	XP Varies
An Eye for an Eye and the Eyeless
An Eye for an Eye (level 12)
Speaking of Radovid, let's start a line of quests that might significantly impact his future-and that of the north. First, let's go see how his tentative ally, Vernon, is doing. Head to the "Temerian Partisan Hideout" and talk to Roche, who will reveal that Ves has a bit of an insubordination problem these days, and her impulsive patriotism might get her killed... that is, if a certain Witcher doesn't track Ves down and intervene, first.

Fast-travel to the "Hanged Man's Tree" signpost and head south-east to find Vernon. After some chatter, you'll find that you're too late to stop Ves-but right on time to rescue her. Mount Roach and ride down to the village and kill the Nilfgaardians before Ves is slain-she can only take several hits, especially from pikemen that might be nearby. After the black ones are all dead, Vernon and Ves will squabble, and you'll have to decide whether to let a Nilfgaardian survivor live or not. Either way, the quest ends.

Objective	Reward
For saving Ves	XP Varies
Redania's Most Wanted (level 12)
Well... that was a short quest. Time to help Radovid. Fast-travel back to the "Temerian Partisan Hideout" then head east and slightly north to find "Est Taylar"-the signpost and the location. Head inside the elven ruins to find a group of Witch Hunters loitering around-activate your Witcher Senses and investigate the corpses near them, then talk to the Witch Hunters near said corpses. Glean what little information you can out of them, then collect the "Key to Phillipa Eilhart's Hideout."

From the Witch Hunters head east down into a hole in the ground. Descend some ledges until you reach a small chamber, then turn south-east and blast a weak section of wall with Aard, beyond which you'll find a corpse with "Professor Sigismund Gloger's Notes" and the Diagram: Feline Silver Sword. This has already been a profitable little venture... Backtrack to the north-west, then continue in that direction to find a door shielded by a magic barrier. Along the north-eastern wall you'll find an alcove into which your key fits. Plant it and the barrier will fall. It might be in your best interests to chug a Cat potion here, as the place is pretty dark-although not prohibitively so.

Objective	Reward
For disabling the magic barrier	XP Varies
Continue into the ruins until you find a portal-Geralt's favorite devices-and head through it. Investigate a feather on the floor to the south-east, then continue through a doorway, down a tunnel, and into an open chamber occupied by Nekkers (level nine). Hack through the pests as you head down some stairs until they terminate at an inactive portal. Search to the south-east with your Witcher Senses to find an inactive power cell, then blast it with Aard to open the portal up.

On the side side of the portal you'll meet a stranded witch Hunter, who talks about some mysterious meeting of some of the world's most powerful sorceresses, and unwisely refuses to see the sense in leaving when Geralt suggests it. Either beat some sense into him, or use the Axii Sign to convince him to cooperate and obtain the "Power Cell," then loot the chests in the room to find a "Letter to Philippa" then head east until you find another inactive portal. Put the Power Cell in an alcove in the wall to the south and hit it with Aard to open portals leading back (to the west) and forward (to the east).

Objective	Reward
For using the Axii Sign on the Witch Hunter	40 XP
Go through the portal to the east and, when you arrive, kill a trio of Nekkers (level nine). Loot a chest and investigate another feather on the ground, then head down a hole in the ground to the south. Drop down a few ledges and kill another trio of Nekkers (level nine) and grab a Power Cell off the ground. Climb back up into the room you teleported into, then continue through a doorway to the north-west to find yet another deactivated portal. Put the Power Cell in a slot to the north of the door, charge it with Aard, then go through the newly activated portal. This stuff almost writes itself.

Objective	Reward
For reaching the lowest level of Phillipa's Hideout	XP Varies
Search around, as there are several chests you can claim-one to the south-east, one through a doorway to the north-west, and another behind the portal, which requires you to take some stairs north-west of the portal to wrap around behind it. Once the looting is done, head north-east into the large search area, where you'll be greeted by an elemental guardian-and Ifrit. These things sure have changed since the first game. It can be cut down pretty quickly, but it'll do continuous fire damage when it's near so, so... offense is the key. Aard can also extinguish it temporarily, so it's worth blasting it with Aard as you close in. Once it's dead loot the area-there's a chest to the north-then go through the doorway to the east.

Go through a gate to reach Phillipa's quarters, as identified by Geralt. Search a chest to the north-west to find an Agate, which Geralt comments on, then pop on your Witcher Senses and look around. You'll find some disinfectant near a pillar to the north, some surgical instruments on a table further north, some burnt notes to the east, and finally a megascope to the south-east. From the megascope head west over some rubble to find a Polished Crystal near a pillar.

Leave with the crystal in hand and, on your way out, you'll be confronted by the Witch Hunters, who want to know what you've found. If you do anything except give them the megascope crystal, they'll attack you. Either give them the crystal, kill the Witch Hunters (level ten) and take it to Radovid, or take it to Triss or Yennefer... which you can only do if "Now or Never" hasn't started or you've reached Skellige. All things considered, it might be better if you hold onto onto the gem to have one of your mage friends investigate it later. If you give it to Radovid you'll just get coin and ingratitude... if you want to give the crystal to Radovid, the reward is below, otherwise hold onto it until we start dealing with Triss again.

Objective	Reward
For giving the megascope crystal to Radovid	XP Varies
135 Crowns
Witcher's Work in Novigrad
Contract: An Elusive Thief (level 13)
Enough with mages, mad kings, and other plots-time for some honest Witcher's work. Fast travel back to Novigrad's "Tretogor Gate" signpost and cross the bridge to the north-west, where you'll find the merchant Sylvester Amello. Talk to him and he'll tell you about his troubles-and Geralt make a truly cringe-worthy pun. Recover from that bit of awfulness, then ask the merchant about his Imp problem, and haggle over prices if you must.

Once done activate your Witcher Senses and investigate some paw prints near a small tower. Climb up a railing near the tower to continue following the prints to the south-east, near the Tretogor Gate bridge. Spy some of the loot it dropped, then follow the tracks as they run along the wall and over the bridge, before eventually dropping down into the moat. You can pick your way down near the southern end of the gate, or just walk around and pick up the trail again on the shore. Either way follow the tracks into a house in the nonhuman district. Head into the house and loot around, picking up a "Short Letter" from a table in the process. Read it to learn more of the target, then head upstairs and investigate some clothes near a bed.

Objective	Reward
For reading the letter	25 XP
Follow the scent trail back outside and it'll lead to a Temple Guard who is handing out food to a peasant. The two will try and put on a convincing show, after which the elf will leave and Geralt will call out the Doppler. Chase him down (easily done because Geralt sprints faster) and when caught the stupid shapeshifter decides to test his luck by taking our form. Dopplers can assume the shape of even inanimate material-like swords, but how it copied our Signs is another question... still, the original is always better.

Beat the Doppler and it'll plead for mercy. You've got three options-try to convince the Doppler to impersonate Menge, tell it to leave Novigrad, or kill it. If you choose the first option it'll refuse, preferring death over the torture the Witch Hunters would inflict on him, and Geralt will let him go. For the second option the critter will agree to leave Novigrad and give you a reward including the Diagram: Gnomish Gwyhyr and some Crowns-but you'll get less of a reward from Sylvester. If you kill it you can loot it for goodies including a Doppler Trophy, a Doppler Mutagen, and Mountain Folk Boots... not to mention the full reward for Sylvester. The second option is probably the most lucrative, all things considered, although Sylvester will be upset-especially after Geralt extorts some coin out of him.

Objective	Reward
For sparing the Doppler	25 XP
215 Crowns
Diagram: Gnomish Gwyhyr
For telling Sylvester you ran the Doppler off	245 XP
91 Crowns
For telling Sylvester you killed the Doppler	245 XP
182 Crowns
Contract: Deadly Delights (level 15)
Head west along the southern end of the central district to return to the fish market, where you'll find a guard in need of a Witcher. Talk to him and he'll tell you about some desiccated corpses. Sadly the bodies have been burned, but a medic who was present beforehand might know more.

Travel around some buildings to the west, then follow the shore west to find the Medic. Talk to him and learn what you can, then backtrack to the south-east along the docks and cross a bridge south to reach the docks district. Our destination is the search area south of Crippled Kate's brothel.

When you get there you'll see a man named Walter banging on a door. He'll shortly be accosted by Witch Hunters (level twelve)-let them kill him, then kill the Witch Hunters. Loot them for a "Warrant" and loot Walter for a "Key", which opens the door he was banging on. Why did he just use they key? Whatever, read the Warrent to start the quest "Novigrad: Closed City". We'll deal with this quest shortly.

In the meantime, activate your Witcher Senses and look around at all the prints on the ground-search the southern hoofprints to pick up the correct trail, then follow it north, through a tunnel, then along the brothel-jumping over a crate when necessary, and to the back door of the brothel. There are two ways of finding out more. Either search west of the brothel's back door to find some expensive perfume, then follow the trail until you find a townsperson outside a building-obviously in some distress. Talk to him and he'll identify your target. Failing that, talk to the Madame of the brothel and use Axii and her and she'll tell you what's causing the trouble and where to find it.

Objective	Reward
For talking to the disoriented man outside the creature's lair	25 XP
For using Axii on the Madame	40 XP
Depending on the route you took earlier, there are two ways in to see the Succubus. If you talked to the Madame and got the key, then... just used the key on the front door. If you followed the scent trail head into a house to the south of the one the Succubus occupies and head upstairs, where you'll find a ladder along the northern wall. Climb it and go through a doorway and out onto a wooden walkway, where you'll find another ladder to climb. Climb it, then drop down into the Succubus' house and head downstairs.

Either way, you end up confronting the beast. Either hear her side of the story, or kill her, then choose to let her leave Novigrad... or kill her. If you kill her you'll get a Succubus Trophy, a Succubus Mutagen, a "Key to House in Novigrad"-making exiting much easier than entering was-and Assassin's Gauntlets, among other things. She likes to cast fire spells, and backlash with a fire attack when you strike her-Quen should protect you well enough. In both cases you end up with the Succubus Trophy, which ensures you get a full reward from the guard. If you spare her, the Succubus will give you the Silver Sword Maugrim. Return to the guard for additional rewards.

Objective	Reward
For sparing the Succubus	Maugrim
Succubus Trophy
For telling the guard about the Succubus	270 XP
186 Crowns
Just a few more things to do before we get back to business. Head to the Golden Sturgeon Inn and, along the road north of it you'll find Nidas, who will ask you about some contract, then proceed to offer you a job-you help him recover a black pearl in Skellige, and he'll reward you. Might as well agree to start the quest "Black Pearl," which we'll ignore until we reach Skellige.

Ronvid and Friends
Continue north-west along this road and briefly ignore a Bandit with a quest marker along the side of the road. Instead, continue north-west to find Ronvid standing by an arch. The fool isn't playing around this time-he's brought friends, and he doesn't mean to stop short of death. He's discovered-finally-that Geralt's a Witcher, and instead of finding himself lucky to be alive, he's decided that he's got to punish us for being the cheats we are. Use the Axii Sign to make him go away, or kill Ronvid (level nine) and his goons (level eight). If you opt for the latter course, you can loot him for the note "To the Most Beautiful woman in the World."

Objective	Reward
For using Axii on Ronvid	40 XP
For dealing with Ronvid	50 XP
Novigrad, Closed City (level 11)
Return to the Bandit we passed earlier and talk to him, and he'll ask you to help him hunt down a friend of his who is in need. Agree, then head north-east up a road to find some footprints, and beyond them, a scent trail. Follow the trail until you find some blood on a wall to the east, then continue east a bit, then north to find more blood and a continuation of the scent trail. Keep following the mixed trail up some stairs, through a market, and to a gate, where the Bandits will discover their "friend". Either help the injured Witch Hunter (putting down the Bandits in the process) or leave the Witch Hunter to the Bandits. If you choose the former, after defeating the Bandits you'll get to make the choice to either leave the Witch Hunter to bleed to death, or to help him reach a medic, in which case you'll take him to a hospital along the north-eastern edge of the central district of Novigrad.

Head to-and cross-St. Gregory's Bridge. Along the way a woman called Lussi will call out to you to help her, claiming her house is haunted. Agree to help and follow her to the house, where two Witch Hunters (level eleven) will be waiting for you. Kill them and Lussi will give you another Key.

Now make your way to the final search area, which is east of Heirarch Square. Enter a house along the northern end of this search area-going up some wooden stairs to reach the correct door. Inside you'll find a corpse. Investigate it, then head upstairs and light a torch on a support pillar and go into the secret room that opens up to the west, where you'll find a "Letter About Treasure" and a "Key" on the desk. Looks like we need to find all three keys to unlock the treasure here. Hey, look! We already have them! Open the dresser and collect your reward, and even better, end this quest. Don't you fret, there's more to do in Novigrad yet.

Out on Your Arse! (level 14)
Head back over to Crippled Kate's brothel, where you'll find a Strumpet ranting outside. Talk to her and she'll tell you that some rude men from Skellige have taken over the brothel. Agree to help her and head inside the brothel where you'll confront the Skelligers. You have three options-win a fist-fight against their leader, fist-fight all three of them, or use the Axii Sign. Once done, return to the Strumpet and tell her the good news, then decide to take the reward, or leave it... to get the same result either way.

Objective	Reward
For using the Axii Sign on the Skelliger	40 XP
For telling the Strumpet the good news	25 XP
15 Crowns
Dealing with Dandelion
The Play's the Thing (level 11)
Alright, we've cleared plenty of side-quests, time to get back to work on our own matters. Head to the Kingfisher and talk to Priscilla about Dudu, which will end with Geralt agreeing to do another task he's not really suited for. Discuss the direction of this enterprise with Priscilla-the only decision that matters is whether the play is a drama or a comedy, and even then, it only matters so much. After Priscilla writes up the script, we'll be sent off on a task that we're actually somewhat suited for-delivering the script to one "Irina Renarde."

Objective	Reward
For "helping" Priscilla write a play	XP Varies
From the Kingfisher head south through Hierarch Square and go through a door-the same door you went through when you were following one of the King of Beggar's thieves way back in the day, in fact. To get inside you'll need to talk to the Ticket Seller out front and pay him 50 Crowns. After you pay the extortionate rate, head inside and talk to Irina, who will tell you about more steps you need to take. Joy. Oh well... if you can't do the creative, at least help with the organization.

The Puffins' Problem
Head to the closer of the two objectives, first-the jugglers from the Puffins, who are holed up in a house just north of where Triss used to live. Once you enter the building you'll be rudely greeted by the troope, who assume you're another thug looking to take coin they don't have. Seems the cult of the Eternal Fire doesn't have a sense of humor and took offense at one of their performances. Religious folk without a sense of humor? Say it ain't so! Agree to drive off the church's thugs in exchange for their services.

Leave the Puffin's house and head east, where you'll find a group of Bandits loitering about. After they say some nasty things about your heritage, you can either pick a fight with them (kill one of them and the others will leave), pay them to go away (50 Crowns-except they don't leave), or use the Axii Sign on them-except it only works on one of them, and the other two attack you. Yeah, you have to get your sword dirty no matter what. Once you drive the thugs off the Puffins will thank you and promise to live up to their end of the bargain.

Objective	Reward
For using the Axii Sign on the thugs	40 XP
For getting rid of the thugs pestering the Puffins	
XP Varies

Hiring Muscle
Travel to the western edge of the docks district, where you'll find a group of rowdy seamen. Talk to a muscle-bound ruffian named Sofus the Bull and listen to him talk about his dubious credentials, then either offer to box him or just pay him 70 Crowns for the job. If you do the former, they'll instead decide to box you-if you win against two of them, they do the job for free, if they win, you pay them double. Whatever you do, get their services and head back to Irina.

To Catch a Doppler...
Iron out the final details of the play-choosing the actors. If you pick Priscilla and Aleblard to be the leads, you'll get the most Crowns afterwards, but otherwise the choice is cosmetic. After the decisions are made the play will begin, where you'll get a number of timed responses-your responses determine, to a degree, how much experience you'll earn at the end of the play... otherwise, it doesn't matter much. The correct dialogue options are, in order "To slay beasts most foul...", "Perhaps 'midst the guests...", "Seems men's hearts...", "But a base heart..." and "No monster is he..." Respond correctly and, if you decided to throw a drama, some unenlightened cultists will decide take offense at the subject matter. Put down the Bandits (levels nine and ten) to resolve the matter. If you put on a comedy, only one of the cultists will get upset, and his buddy will tell him to chill out.

Either way, you recover Dudu, who chats with you once you're safely away from the stage. Ask about Ciri and convince him to help you rescue Dandelion, which he'll agree to do-reluctantly. Afterwards Geralt will talk to Irina, who will praise or critique you according to your performance, and give you monetary (and experience) rewards, presumably based on the play's gate. You'll earn the most money if you picked Aleblard and Priscilla as actors, and you didn't flub any of your lines.

Objective	Reward
For putting on a play	XP Varies
50-150 Crowns
Poet Under Pressure (level 13)
Everything's been set in place-it's time to rescue Dandelion. Fast travel to a signpost close to the ambush site (the "Wheat Fields" and "Seven Cat's Inn" signposts are both good choices) then head over to meet up with Zoltan Chivay. Answer a concern he has about the whole endeavor, then Priscilla will show up. It doesn't matter what you say-you can't get rid of her. You can, however, play Gwent with her, although you win nothing by doing so. It's one way to pass the time.

After your Gwent game (or after you decline to play) the caravan will show up. When the ambush begins one of the Witch Hunters escorting Dandelion will ride off with him. Your goal is to follow the rider and catch him... but there's no penalty if you stay behind and kill the Witch Hunters, first.

Hunting the Hunter
Mount Roach and follow the tracks north, past a lake with some Drowners (levels four and eighteen-talk about a level gap) near it, and past the "Honeyfill Meadworks" signpost. They'll follow the road (more or less) north, then north-east. Dismount when you find a camp along the road and ask a smith about the riders-he'll say they went left, but he's mistaken-or misleading. Go right at the fork beyond the camp and, when you spot a purple garment on the ground, dismount and investigate it to pick up a scent trail.

Continue following the road to the north-east, then east, until the scent trail veers of the road to the north-east. Eventually you'll find the Witch Hunter's horse-dead of exhaustion-near the "Isolated Hut" signpost. If you head east to the hut, you'll hear Dandelion trying to reason-unsuccessfully-with his captor. Talk to some nonhumans to the west to get the key to a secret passage that leads to the house, then circle around to the hills east of the house to find the trap door we're looking for.

Open the trap door. climb down a ladder, and head west, looting as you go. Seems likes these nonhumans have a pretty robust "art" business going on down here. Climb another ladder to reach the house, wherein you'll find the Witch Hunter (level thirteen). Cut him down and loot him to score the Steel Sword Witch Slayer, then loot the house. No need to be in a rush to ungag Dandelion-once he starts talking, he's not going to shut up any time soon.

When you run out of options, ungag him, and you two will head outside to talk, where you'll be reunited with Zoltan and Priscilla. Geralt will ask about Ciri which will trigger another Ciri sequence...

Ciri's Story: Breakneck Speed (level 11)
Kill the initial henchmen (levels eleven and twelve) nearby, then head south to find a road. The intial goons you fight won't respawn, but that's not the rule for this segment in general. Apparently Whoreson had a small army of goons under his command, and it's your goal to run (or teleport) past them all to reach the Temple Isle, in what is by and large the most utterly pointless part of Ciri's Story to date. Why couldn't this be a cutscene? Oh well... when you reach your destination you'll see a scene.

After the scene, Geralt will question Dandelion further, learning a bit about some curse. Ultimately, however, it seems like the trail in Novigrad is cold, leaving only Skellige left to search. Talk to the nonhumans nearby and they'll offer you a painting in exchange for your silence about their little forgery scheme.

Objective	Reward
For rescuing Dandelion	XP Varies
A Dangerous Game
Let's finish up with Zoltan and Dandelion before we move onto other things. Head over to Dandelion's tavern, the Rosemary and Thyme. Outside you'll see some low-lifes threatening Zoltan, who are wise enough to depart when Geralt arrives. Ask him about his troubles and it seems that our two favorite things intersect-Gwent, and Zoltan! Seems we have to obtain some rare cards in order to help out our dwarven buddy. Yes, please. This starts the quest "A Dangerous Game."

Zed's Collection
Screw Dandelion. This is a matter of life or Gwent! Head south-west from the tavern to find Zed's house. Climb the stairs and knock on the door... to get no response. Looks like we'll have to find another way in. Climb a ladder to the east, then climb another one. Jump a gap to the west, head up some stairs to the north, then go through the door to the west.

Drop down to the lower level and investigate the body lying here. Looks like we're a little late. Head downstairs and you'll find two of Duke's goons rummaging through the house. You're not going to be friends. Kill them, and loot one of them to find the "Key to Zed's Pawnshop" and the "Isengrim Faoiltiarna" Card-a 10 Strength Close Combat Unit Hero Card with the "Morale Boost" ability. A rare card, indeed. Turn on your Witcher Senses and search near the stairs to find some scratches on the floor. Aard the planks to reveal a chest under the stairs, then loot said chest to lay your hands on the "Ledger of Income Outlays."

Take the book back to Zoltan and tell him about Zed's fate and his ledger, then ask about the two buyers of Zed's other cards-Ravvy and Caesar Bilzen. Zoltan will elaborate on the two-and his relationship with them-and suggest you meet the latter, together.

Ravvy's Bad Hand
First, however, let's go pay Ravvy a visit, a ne'er-do-well who is passing time at the Golden Sturgeon. Travel there and head downstairs, where you'll find Ravvy, who has gotten into some trouble with some local ruffians. Either choose to play cards for Ravvy's life-and a unique card-or decline and fight them. The latter option dooms Ravvy, and you'll have to fight the Bandits (levels fourteen and eleven), but that way you can just loot the "John Natalis" card from Ravvy. If you play Gwent, you'll have to face a laughable Nilfgaardian deck, after which the two Bandits will prove to be poor sports, and you'll have to kill them anyways-but Raavy will survive, and cough up the "John Natalis" card after some prompting.

Cheating Caesar
Now it's time to meet up with Zoltan and pay Caesar a visit, whose house happens to be along the south-eastern edge of Hierarch Square. Zoltan's plan is simple, you sneak in, he'll distract Caesar with booze and banter. Carry the plan out and endure some good old dwarven conversation before you're sent out to get some more alcohol. Head upstairs and use your Witcher Senses to highlight a knife on a table. Search it, then take the "Triangular Key" out of the drawer that opens, then use your Witcher Senses again to spot a triangular hole on a bookshelf. Use the key in the keyhole to cause a nearby bookshelf to shift, then go through the secret door it reveals. Lot of security for a Gwent Card... can't really blame him, though.

Head up some stairs and loot a small box on a dresser to the south to find a "Jade Figurine." Grabbing this item will start the quest "The Soldier Statuette," which we'll need to take to Triss at some point. In the center of the room are some Nilfgaardian relics, which reveal Caesar to be something of a Nilfgaardophile. You can score a Gold Silver Necklace and an Ornate Sword here, but the "Fringilla Vigo" Card is what you're really after. Grab it and head downstairs. Talk to Zoltan and tell him it's time to go. Before you can make good your escape, however, Cleaver's henchmen will show up, clearly at odds with Caesar. Either leave Caesar to his fate, or fend off the henchmen (level eight), after which Caesar decides it's time to leave town. If you grabbed the Jade Figurine, Geralt will also tell Zoltan about it afterwards-don't worry about them talking about Triss, we can have it looked at later.

Note: If you've already completed "Now or Never" you'll have to wait until much later in the game to start the quest "The Soldier Statuette"... and even then, you can only complete it if you started a romance with Triss.

Dealing with Duke
Time to take these cards to Zoltan's buyer. Follow Zoltan to the east and you'll find that, once again, Duke is ahead of you. After some chatter Duke will wander off-kill his goons (level twelve) if you wish, or just chase after Duke. Again, this is another "chase" you can't lose, so take all the time you want. Head into a tower to the south-east and climb two ladders. An injured guard will implore you to catch Duke. Righty-o. Go through a door to the south-west and chase Duke along the battlements and into another tower, where you'll have to descend five ladders to reach the sewers.

Duke will flee through a door to the north-west, which he locks behind him. You'll have to go north-east, then north-west, then north-east again. Kill a pair of Drowners (level four) and blast a weak section of wall to the north-west with Aard. Kill another trio of Drowners (level four) then continue north-west to reach a large chamber with many branching paths.

A Tome Entombed (level 13)
Ignore Duke for a moment and head south and through a gate. In the room beyond, examine the south-western wall to spot an Aard-able section of wall. Knock it down and continue into the room beyond, where you'll have to use Aard again to clear more debris. Continue south-west through the second hole in the wall and drop down several ledges to find a tomb-robber (who identifies himself as Vairmont Jonne, an Oxenfurt professor). Agree to help him open the sarcophagus to find a rather taciturn vampire inside. Pester the vampire again and you'll have to fight a Katakan (level eleven). After it falls the professor will complain about not finding what he came here to find, and the quest "A Tome Entombed" will end. Loot the vampire and it's lair, and be sure to climb some stairs to the south-west to find a chest, then backtrack to the sewers.

Objective	Reward
For killing the Katakan	XP Varies
Return to the sewer room where you blasted the Aard. If you head south-east you'll be able to score some parcels and other lootables, but... well, we've already destroyed the illusion of urgency enough. Backtrack to the north-west to return to the large room with multiple exits and continue up the stairs to the north-east, where you'll find Duke, injured by some Drowners. Decide whether to let him live or not, but either way, take the coin Zoltan needs. Geralt returns to Zoltan and tells him what transpired-and Zoltan will give you a choice. Since you did almost all the work, Zoltan will let you pick whether you want to keep the cards, or the coin you recovered. This is really a no-brainer, folks. You can get Crowns anywhere, but these cards are unique, and considering you only get 150 Crowns to sacrifice the Cards... just not a smart move.

Objective	Reward
For solving Zoltan's debt problems	
XP Varies
150 Crowns
-OR-
Isengrim Faoiltiarna Card
John Natalis Card
Fringilla Vigo Card

Cabaret
Now it's finally time to return to Dandelion and help him out. When you enter the Rosemary and Thyme you'll spot Dandelion arguing with Priscilla, and with all the Courtesans standing about, it's not hard to imagine what the issue is. After Priscilla storms off talk to Dandelion, who will resolve to make something out of this inn... but of course, he needs your help. He won't take a loan from you, but he will take a loan from a jilted former lover. First, however, we need to retrieve some sword from Irina. You can also talk to Dudu before you leave, if you care to, and if you talk to Dandelion you can give him the painting of the Hierarch the nonhumans gave you at the end of "Poet Under Pressure."

The Crimson Avenger!
Head over to Irina, who is with the rest of the actors in the quarters south of Hierarch Square. Simply talk to her to gain the "Blunt Sword," then head to Sophronia's house, which is north of Hierarch Square. Wait until night if you must, then approach the house to trigger Dandelion, who will waste little time in laying out his grand plan. Agree or not, and Dandelion will convince you to play along. How well you play the part is, ultimately, up to you.

Objective	Reward
For succumbing to the might of the Crimson Avenger	50 XP
Return to the Rosemary and Thyme, where you'll find that, in spite of not quite having any coin, Dandelion has hired contractors to renovate the inn. Make some decor decisions on behalf of Dandelion, then Priscilla will send you out to find Dandelion. Seems like something we have to do frequently.

Acquiring a Choreographer
Head to a house north of Hattori's shop (near the center of the docks district), where you'll see him banging on a door. Seems he's having trouble with his choreographer. Or rather, her husband. Activate your Witcher Senses and search a bucket to the east to find the "Key to Polly's Home," with which you can enter the house without breaking anything. Head inside and confront the husband, where you'll have to make a few timed decisions. Either pick a fight and beat the husband at fisticuffs, or keep the husband calm while Dandelion works his diplomatic magic. Either way, you'll secure his wife's services as a choreographer. Of course, that's not the end of things. Oh no. He's also go some placard problems he needs you to resolve. Agree to take care of this task and send him back to Priscilla. Hopefully she can keep him out of trouble for a change.

Objective	Reward
For convincing the choreographer's husband	50 XP
A Halfling's Hobby
Our next destination is along the western side of the central district, west of Hierarch Square. Head there and go inside the house to find that it's... well, it's never simple. Like too many halflings, our placard-painter is in debt, and some fine folk have come to collect. They don't want to share, either. Beat them at fisticuffs and they'll tell you where Rautlec is-wasting more coin he doesn't have at the horse races.

Fast-travel to the "Vegelbud Residence" signpost and head north to find your wayward halfling. He'll tell you about a new bet he's risking, after which you can either pay him 200 Crowns to get out of debt, offer to win the race for him, or decide that Dandelion doesn't need any placards. The race is easy enough to win-it's the same race you may have done at the behest of Morvran Voorhis.

Objective	Reward
For winning the race	25 XP
80 Crowns
Mastercrafted Saddle
For recovering the placards	25 XP
Return to the Rosemary and Thyme and talk to Dandelion. The dwarves have been busy at work and the transformation is almost complete. Dandelion will fuss a bit if you didn't pick the "theatrical" theme, but once you tell him about the placards (if you recovered them) he'll focus on the good news. He also decides on a name change, after which he invites Geralt to drink. If you agree, he'll ask you about what Priscilla said to you, then more chatter will commence. After a while, Geralt and Dandelion will get some bad news regarding Priscilla. This ends "Cabaret" and begins "Carnal Sins."

Objective	Reward
For helping Dandelion realize his cabaret dream	50 XP
Carnal Sins
Head to the hospital and talk to the doctor caring to Priscilla, who tells you more about her injuries. Dandelion will implore you to go after the attacker, which Geralt agrees to without hesitation. The doctor will provide some insight into related attacks, and suggests you investigate other victims of their presumed common assailant. Agree, and you'll travel to the sewers with the good doctor.

The doctor will chatter at you a bit-follow him south-east, then south-west, then south-east again. Along the way you'll have to fight off two Drowners (level sixteen) and a Water Hag (level seventeen). Continue north-east to reach a chamber dominated by some wooden stairs, where you'll have to put down two more Drowners (level sixteen). When the Necrophages are gone, ascend the stairs and continue down a tunnel to the north-west, then go up some stairs to the north-east, and finally climb a ladder to exit the sewers.

The Austopsy
Now that you're in the morgue, loot around-you're looking for the body of a dwarven woodcarver-but there's no harm in helping yourself to various goodies along the way. When you're ready, search the room to the north-east and investigate a corpse along the south-eastern wall to start the autopsy. Cycle through all the dialogue options to examine the body thoroughly and give Joachim whatever conclusion you wish. Afterwards you'll be interrupted by the coroner Hubert Rejk then by Reverend Nathaniel, who is somewhat more rude than the coroner.

When you leave, question Joachim some more. He doesn't seem to have a high opinion of Nathaniel, and he has history with Hubert. He won't elaborate on this history unless you press him, and even then, he's vague. It should be noted that Joachim mentions that Hubert "hasn't changed a bit" in 30 years. Whereas Joachim is old and grey, Hubert seems to still be comparatively youthful. It's something that should arouse one's suspicions, but Geralt ignores it entirely.

Geralt and Joachim part ways-but there's plenty for us to do. We've got three leads-we need to find Eustace the corpse collector, examine the place where the woodcarver died, and examine the site where Priscilla was attacked.

The Corpse Collector
The closest objective to us is the corpse collector, so head east to find him. You'll stumble upon a scene most certainly calling for a corpse collector. Gang warfare must be a lucrative source of income for a corpse collector. Talk to Eustace, who is messing with a corpse near a building. Ask him some questions and he'll get uppity, after which you'll either need to bribe him (200 Crowns), or use the Axii Sign on him (he can't be provoked, though you can slug him after he makes a comment about Priscilla).

Objective	Reward
For using the Axii Sign on Eustace	40 XP
Woodcutter's Murder Site
Our next destinations-the two murder sites-are pretty close to each other. Both are south-east of Hierarch Square, one being near the haunted house where Corsinne dreamed, and the other being just east of the northern end of Tretogor Gate bridge. Head to the former, first, the site of the woodcutter's murder, and knock on two large wooden doors, where some dwarf will be understandably suspicious of you. After he lets you in, ask him about the dead dwarf to learn... well, precious little about the circumstances of his death.

Activate your Witcher Senses adn search the blood pool, some furrows indicating where something was dragged across the ground, then the pyre of half-burned statues. Finally pick up the letter "Concerned Citizen's Sermon" from atop an anvil and read it. It seems to implicate the Eternal Fire cult, but why would such a cult-which happily burns heretics in public-need to hide the murder of this dwarf?

Investigate the locked door to the workshop and the dwarf will open it for you. Head inside the workshop and put your Witcher Senses to work again, this time searching some rotten eyes on a cabinet along the southern wall, an over-turned chair, some spilled formaldehyde, and another blood stain. Talk to the dwarf again and tell him what happened... you can also talk about the statues of Melitele, which, like everything else fun, the cult of the Eternal Fire didn't like.

Priscilla's Attack Site
Leave the site of this murder and head east to the site of Priscilla's attack. At this spot you should encounter a guard who tells you that there's been another victim, and you're to head to the coroner at your earliest convenience. Wonderful. First, though, let's examine this crime scene.

Activate your Witcher Powers-go!-and look around. As you explore a woman will call out to some accomplices (level sixteen) who will engage you in fisticuffs. You can use Signs to aid you here, and you might as well, since there are three of them. Once you win, Geralt will confront the woman, and she'll reveal they were here to take vengeance on Priscilla's attacker... because the perpetrator always returns to the scene of the crime and all.

Talk to the woman, then use your Witcher Senses to find a scent trail in the middle of the search area, which Geralt identifies as formaldehyde, then search a brazier, a foot print and some blood. A short trail leads to a wall to the south-west, where you can find the note "Concerned Citizen's Sermon." Seems we've got a preachy sort of killer. Also note what Geralt says when he observes that the killer escaped by leaping a wall even he couldn't scale. Might we have a supernatural cultist on our hand, or are the sermons red herrings to cover for such?

Another Autopsy
Return to the Coroner, who is north and slightly east of Hierach Square. You'll find him standing over the body of a new victim. He's somewhat more accomodating now, so ask him some questions to get his side of the story as it concerns Joachim. Also be sure to ask him about his youthful appearance, which he writes off with a rather bogus story. If you ask about the victim you'll find that it's another apparently religiously-inspired murder. He also has a low opinion of Nathaniel. Joy. Perform the autospy and, after breezing through the killer's modus operandi Hubert will discover a note naming the killer's next victim. Geralt doesn't mess around and decides to head directly to the location.

A Crisis of Faith
Find a signpost and fast-travel to the "Vegelbud Residence." Talk to the guards outside, whom Geralt convinces to be reasonable. Talk to her Ingrid and she'll take you to Patricia-after talking about a pyre, the result of Patricia's recent crisis of faith. Head up into the manor Ingrid will go into Patricia's room-the lady Vegelbud is in no mood for guests. Sadly, it doesn't seem like she got her wish.

Chase your target out the door, down some stairs, and out of the manor. Run past (or kill) a pack of Dogs (level one) and continue running to the north-west, where you'll encounter some Guards (level sixteen) who mistake you as the murderer. Fight defensively and after a while, a cheater with a crossbow will show up, and Geralt will decide that they've delayed him too long for him to catch the murderer.

After the Guards have finished botching their jobs (and have been admonished for it) talk to Ingrid and tell her what you wish. You'll be given free reign by Ingrid, and he'll use it to search Patricia's room, where he'll find the predictable note naming the next victim. When you're back in control search the room if you wish-Geralt decides that obsessing over the victim's corpse is a waste of time, but you can spot another empty formaldehyde bottle.

Sweet Nettie
Fast-travel back to Hierarch Square and head back to Crippled Kate's brothel. Once inside Geralt will be informed that Sweet Nettie is upstairs with a "very important client." Head upstairs and sure enough, you'll find Sweet Nettie with a certain Reverend, who is caught in a very compromising position. If you remember from earlier conversations it was revealed that our good priest once was a torturer who enjoyed plying his trade on women, in particular.

You'll get a timed dialogue response-if you pick the first option "Try it asshole," or you get fed up with him on any subsequent responses, you'll end up fighting him (level thirteen). While he has been dangerous enough to craftsmen, bards, and old women, he's not match for a Witcher. When you kill him, loot him for a leveled, relic-quality "Poker", then free Sweet Nettie, who talks about how she came to be in such a compromised position... Doesn't seem like how the killer of the other victims operated. Oh well. Head back to Dandelion and Priscilla to find that the latter is recovering quite well. Maybe there's a happy ending to this quest after all? This ends the quest "Carnal Sins."

Objective	Reward
For killing Nathaniel	
100 XP
Tracker's Trousers
Diagram: Ard Skellige Aketon

On the other hand, if you choose to hear the priest out, both during the time dialogue option and during then in subsequent responses, you'll find that, while reprehensible, Nathaniel isn't your murderer. To do this, first pick the option "Just like that? No formaldehyde?" then "So who left the letter of Patricia's body?" and he'll tell you the location and identity of the true killer. After your chat he decides to go back to torturing Sweet Nettie. Either leave her to her fate, use the Axii Sign to make him go away, or pick "Can't allow it." to pick a fight. The last option is by far the most satisfying option, and you get the same reward for killing him now as you would above... so learn the killer's true identity, then snuff out this scumbag, and get the rewards for both.

Objective	Reward
For using Axii on Nathaniel	40 XP
Travel to a warehouse west of the "Novigrad Docks" signpost, where you'll find our dear Coroner picking up his formaldehyde, just like Nathaniel suggested. The criminal will admit to the crimes, and tell you his motives, which are just as bizarre as suspected-a supernatural being with a twisted sense of morality who took it upon himself to carry out the will of the Eternal Fire. He's very forthcoming with information, indeed. Unfortunately, a fight is unavoidable, and a higher vampire is no mean foe. At least, according to the lore, but this critter fights like a normal Katakan, albeit a level sixteen one. When it falls, loot it for the Silver Sword Deargdeith, some Rubedo and a Katakan Mutagen.

Objective	Reward
For killing the true murderer	500 XP
Diagram: Assassin's Boots
Lesser Svarog Runestone
Anyways, return to the hospital and talk to Dandelion and Priscilla. The latter seems to be recovering quicker than expected, and with Dandelion's devotion to help her through things, she might just do alright. You can also talk to Joachim and talk to him about various things-including telling him about the murderer's identity. You can also ask about Shani, a medic and potential romantic interest from the first Witcher game.

Scavenger Hunt Under the Temple Isle
We're probably near level twenty, or soon will be. Those Enhanced Griffin School Swords have served us well so far, but we'll need something stronger, soon, and Enhanced Cat School Swords might do just the trick... the armor is also nothing to turn your nose up at either, being one of the better suits of armor in the game... once fully upgraded, anyways. This section will cover getting that gear... and doing a few odd jobs on the side. We should already have the diagrams for the Enhanced Feline Gauntlets, the Enhanced Feline Trousers, the Superior Feline Silver Sword, the Feline Steel Sword, the Enhanced Feline Steel Sword and the Feline Silver Sword.

Scavenger Hunt: Cat School Gear (level 17)
Fast-travel to the "Elector's Square" signpost on Novigrad's Temple Isle. From there head west and down some stairs to the north, turning west and going down another flight of stairs immediately after the first building ends. Continue west until you find a ramp going down to the north, and when the ramp ends head down some stairs to the south, heading downhill along some buildings. When the buildings end turn south-west and head around the western side of the buildings to the north until the path terminates at a ledge. Drop down and continue north, then north-east to find a cave.

Enter the cave and venture south-east until you find some rocks blocking your passage. Or the illusions of rocks, rather. Use the Eye of Neheleri to dispel the rocks and follow the linear path to reach a large chamber. Sadly, this entire area is stupidly treated as an "indoor" area, meaning Geralt walks at the speed of a gimped snail. In this large chamber you'll find a Golem (level fourteen) skulking around. Dispatch it and have a look around. There are three paths you can take from here-tunnels lie to the south and north-east, and to the south-west you'll find a door which is currently locked.

The Southern Tunnel
Might as well get to it, then. Head down the southern tunnel and Aard a weak section of wall. Go through the hole in the wall you made and continue south-west down broken ground to reach some water, in a chest lies submerged. Swim to the southern shore and climb up a ramp to reach a chamber. Avoid the poisoned mushrooms in the middle of the chamber and kill a Wraith (level seven) that arrives to challenge you, then loot a chest along the southern end of the chamber. Near the chest you'll also find the note "Invoice for a Golem."

The North-Eastern Tunnel
Backtrack to the main chamber, then head down the north-eastern tunnel, which shortly turns south-east, then south. Scale some ledges, continue south, then turn east and head through a doorway to find some words written on a rock that read "Look to the depths to be lifted up." Okay. Continue east to find some elven ruins, which are guarded by a Wraith (level seven). Kill it and search along the north-western ring of the ruins to find some "Research Notes," then search south-west of the ruins to find the note "Mysterious Recipe" on a crate.

If you read the notes, you'll discover that whomever was here before us, they were researching Drowners, for whatever reason. Turn your attention to the elven ruins nearby and note that there are several statues and levers around the outside of the ruins. Your goal here is to flip the levers, which turn the statues. Once all the statues are facing towards the interior of the ruins, you can proceed. Simply flip each lever repeatedly until the statues all face inward (most need to be activated twice, but one doesn't need any adjustments at all). Once they're all facing into the ruins, the floor will roll back revealing a pool of water. Dive in and kill three Drowners (level ten) with your crossbow, then dive to the bottom and search to the east to find the "Laboratory Key."


Novigrad (Continued)
The Laboratory
Surface and return back to the large chamber where the Golem once prowled and head south-east to find a door, which we can now open with the Laboratory Key. Inside you'll find Mad Kiyan (level seventeen)-presumably once a Witcher, but whatever it is now... whatever. It's not friendly. It's faster than most swordsmen we've faced so far and can use Signs (being particularly fond of protecting itself with Quen), but it's not terribly powerful. Kill him and loot him for a Moonblade, the "Laboratory Notebook," the Diagram: Feline Trousers, Diagram: Feline Gauntlets, Diagram: Feline Boots, and Diagram: Feline Armor. This completes the quest "Scavanger Hunt: Cat School Gear," but it's not the end of our hunt. Loot the laboratory for various books and crafting components, then leave.

Place of Power
Return to the "Elector's Square" signpost and follow the road west of it to the north. It'll wind its way north, then east along the northern end of the island until finally terminating at a wooden gate, which leads to a large temple dedicated to the Eternal Fire. We're not here for relgious reasons, however, so ignore all the petitioners out front and head down some stairs to the south, then south-east. Depart the fancy tiles and follow a trail to reach a Place of Power overlooking a ledge. Draw from it to score an Ability Point, then return to the "Elector's Square" signpost again.

A Message From an Old Friend
We'll be travelling a bit during our quest to secure the Enhanced Cat gear, so why not start some quests we can complete on the way? Fast-travel to Hierarch Square and find a shop along the north-eastern end of the square, just across from the Kingfisher. Here you'll find bookseller named Marcus T.K. Hodgson, who, if you talk to him, will tell you a book that was left for you. Activate your Witcher Senses and... well, just loot his shop. The book you're looking for is upstairs in a bookshelf, along the eastern wall, near a stair case railing. Grab "My Manifesto - The Life of Jacques de Aldersburg" and go into your inventory and read the "Letter from "A"" that you found inside. This letter references a close acquaintance from the first game... With that, this quest ends. You can also play Gwent with Hodgson. Do so and leave the shop.

Objective	Reward
For finding the "Letter from "A"	50 XP
51 Crowns

Of Dairy and Darkness (level 9)
From the bookseller's shop head north to reach the notice board south-east of the "St. Gregory's Bridge" signpost. Behind (west of) this signpost is a shop, in which you'll find a Merchant who is all too happily selling items confiscated from mages who were unfortunate enough to fall into the hands of Witch Hunters. Buy the "Lizard Figure" (36 Crowns) and "Jade Figurine" (4 Crowns). If you buy this second Jade Figuring it'll start the quest "The Nobleman Statuette." You can also buy the "Old Wine From Toussaint" (4 Crowns) and "The Curious Cases of Virtuous Vegga" (49 Crowns) if you want, but they're not needed for this quest. This starts the quest "Of Dairy and Darkness."

In and Around Oxenfurt
Diagram: Enhanced Feline Silver Sword
Fast-travel to the "Oxenfurt Gate" signpost and cross the bridge back to Novigrad. From the gate head south-west and climb up a stone ledge and continue past some small barrent trees and a green bush to find a ladder hiding behind the latter. Scale the ladder and head into a house, climb some stairs and search a chest along the southern wall to find the Diagram: Enhanced Feline Silver Sword. Only two more pieces of Enhanced gear left to get... If you can make either of the Cat swords, and doing so would benefit you, consider doing so now.

Note: Although we're crafting new gear, you shouldn't necessarily break down your old gear. Higher level Witcher gear diagrams require you to have the gear created by earlier diagrams to create them, and constantly breaking down and rebuilding swords and armor is wasteful. If you can bear the weight, consider keeping old Witcher sets in your inventory until it's time to upgrade them again.

Now it's time for a long, boring trek. Fast-travel to the "Herbalist's Hut" signpost (east of Oxenfurt) and follow the road south-west until it reaches the river, and consequentially, a bunch of other roads running south-east. You goal is to follow the coastal road south through the countryside. Along the way you'll spot a house east of the road, where a Peasant awaits for a wandering Witcher to offer aid. He claims some "Woodland Spook" stole his horse. Agree to help him to start the quest "Spooked Mare."

Spooked Mare (level 12)
Activate your Witcher Senses to find some hoof prints on the road leading south-east. Follow them and they'll veer into the wilderness to the east, then terminate at a pond, albeit temporarily. Cross the pond and continue following the tracks to the south-east until you come to a Scoia'tael camp. Tell the Squirrel who talks to you that you're taking the horse back and he'll threaten violence. Either pick a fight, pay 100 Crowns for the horse, or use the Axii Sign to get the mare back. Or, of course, you can just let the Scoia'tael keep the horse, but all this does is willingly fail the quest. Once you have the horse (mount the gray one) ride the horse back to the enclosure near its owner's house, dismount, and talk to the peasant to claim your meager reward.

Objective	Reward
For using Axii on the Scoia'tael	40 XP
For killing the Scoia'tael	XP Varies
For finding the mare	XP Varies
For bringing the mare back to its owner	XP Varies
20 Crowns
Note: If you enter the horse enclosure, the Scoia'tael will attack you without talking, first.

Bandit Camp (level 9)
Continue following the road south-east until you find the "Crossroads" signpost. Another one, anyways. We're a bit past our goal now, but why not find the signpost? From here continue south-east to find a Bandit Camp. Kill the Bandits, then loot the chests they were guarding. One is on the ground near a wagon, and another is in the back of a wagon.

Person(s) in Distress (level 9)
Backtrack north-west, past the "Crossroads" signpost and take a fork running more east than the road we took to reach the "Crossroads" signpost. Follow it and it'll turn north-east shortly, and eventually split into a road running to the south-east, and another to the north-east. Go south-east until you find a "Person(s) in Distress" event. Kill several Bandits (level nine) and loot the Bandit Leader for a "Simple Cage Key," then free the Scoia'tael merchant, who will head back to his camp, which is along the road a ways to the south. Once done, loot the chests nearby, then grab the "Bandit's Notes" on a bench.

Objective	Reward
For freeing the Scoia'tael Merchant	150 XP
Aeramas' Abandoned Manor
Diagram: Enhanced Feline Armor
Backtrack north to the fork and follow the north-eastern path. When the road forks again, continue north-east, and when it forks a third time, head south-east to find the "Aeramas' Abandoned Manor" signpost. Continue south-east to reach the manor grounds, then head over to the ruined manor, itself. This starts the quest "Of Dairy and Darkness", which we'll ignore for now. Instead, head up two flights of stairs (one wooden, one stone) to find what once was an enclosed room, still littered with furniture and now missing its roof. And walls. And much of the floor. Anyways, search by a bookshelf to the north to find chest, which contains the Diagram: Enhanced Feline Armor.

Of Dairy and Darkness (level 9) - Continued
If you didn't talk to the Merchant in Novigrad, the quest "Of Dairy and Darkness" will start, and you'll be directed to talk to the merchant there... hence why we started this quest earlier. You should already have the "Lizard Figure" and "Jade Figurine" however, so let's get to it. Use your Witcher Senses to investigate a magic circle. Activate it to get a portal to pop up (if you have the aforementioned artifacts in your possession) and head inside.

The Trial of the Cheeses
Inside, you'll discover that the mage who used to live here was... a tyromancer. What's a tyromancer? Well, let's look it up. Hmm... according to Occultopedia, it is "the art and practice of divining the past, the present, and the future by interpreting omens found in cheese". He was a cheese mage. The quest name makes sense now, doesn't it? Below us to the east is a collection of his cheeses, some of them so toxic they'll cause Geralt to run out of breath rapidly. The goal is simple-clear the maze by sticking to the good cheese (or less bad cheese, as the case may be) and avoiding the bad. You can tell the good cheese from the bad by the (admittedly hard to see) clouds that surround the bad cheese. Simply run towards cheese, and if your breath meter shows up, run back to the good cheese and pick another direction... or you can just run throught it. There are enough areas of reprieve to survive. You start out along the western edge of the level, and your goal is to climb onto a ledge to the south-east. Once on the ledge head up some stairs (and a wooden ramp) until you find a doorway to the east.

Objective	Reward
For surviving the trial of the cheeses	XP Varies
The Flooded Dungeon
Continue through the doorway and interact with a portal to start it up, then head on through to reach another part of the dungeon-this one being flooded. Continue down some stairs, then down a rock ramp to reach the water. From here you can swim south, then east (never having to dive) to reach a chamber to the east surrounded by unscalable, taunting ledges. There's a chest along the southern edge of this chamber, but otherwise, there's little to recommend it.

Instead swim north from where you first reach the water and dive until you reach a chamber where you can surface. Do so and swim to the east to find shallow water near a scalable ledge. Climb up some ledges and continue south-east, then east until you find another ledge to climb. Climb it, then continue south-east to find a ledge you can jump across (or you can be a sissy and drop down some ledges to the north-east, then, while on lower-ground head south to find some more ledges to climb).

On the other side you'll find a Foglet (level eight) prowling a laboratory. Kill it and search around. to the south-west you'll find-on a table-a "Bull Figurine" and "Aeramas' Notes." Continue west to find some rocks you can dispel with the Eye of Neheleri, beyond which you'll find some containers you can loot. North of the rocks you can dispel is another chamber, which you can activate and pass through.

Objective	Reward
For passing through the flooded dungeon	XP Varies
The Emmentaler
To the south-west you'll spot a large, angry, red magic barrier that stands between you and lootage. Head south to find some more rocks that can be dispelled with the Eye of Neheleri, then blast the pyramid-on-the-pedestal. Another one lies along the wall to the north, but this one is unburdened by illusions. Once both have tasted some Igni, the barrier will fall. Head up some stairs and grab a "Snake Figurine" from a chest, and take the sword from near the statue... which Geralt dubs "The Emmentaler."

...Yes. The Emmentaler is named after cheese. From Wikipedia: "Emmentaler or Emmental is a yellow, medium-hard cheese that originated in the area around Emmental, in Switzerland. It is one of the cheeses of Switzerland, and is sometimes known as Swiss cheese." Oh Geralt... why?

Anyways, head up some stairs near the statue to the south-west to find another portal, which will take you out of this cheesy dungeon.

Objective	Reward
For claiming the Swiss cheese sword, Emmentaler	XP Varies
Guarded Treasure (level 20)
There's one more thing we can do east of Oxenfurt right now, and we might as well get it out of the way, right? Head south-west from the "Aeramas' Abandoned Manor" signpost and into the woods, dispatching whatever stupid Wolves (level five) and Wargs (level eight) pester you along the way. Eventually you'll come across a "Guarded Treasure" event, where a Leshen (level twenty) stands in front of a chest on some high ground. Kill the Leshen-and perhaps the Wolves (level twenty-two) that it summons and loot the chest. Inside is the Steel Sword Lune. If you can handle this, you'll be find to tackle whatever quests await in Benek. Speaking of which...

Boots Around Benek
Backtrack to the "Aeramas' Abandoned Manor" signpost and fast-travel to Benek. There are two quests we can do-one which will lead us to the last bit of Enhanced Feline gear, and another which... well, it's fast enough to just get out of the way. Talk to the Old Sage and give him some food and he'll spin a prophecy for you, starting the quest "The Truth is in the Stars."

The Truth is in the Stars
Head south-east along a road leading from the village until you find a cave. Enter the cave and travel south-west, picking whatever mushrooms you please along the way. Shortly you'll come to a chamber, at which point you'll need to turn north to find a search area. Kill four Ghouls (level two) and search some bodies lying around, if you wish. The Dragonsroot we're after is lying near the wall, along the south-eastern edge of the search area. Pick the plant and take it back to the Old Sage, and he'll give a rather convincing prophecy.

Objective	Reward
For hearing a prophecy	XP Varies
Contract: Phantom of the Trade Route (level 23)
Now find a Refugee along the northern end of Benek, who will ask you to investigate the disappearance of some of the townsfolk who were guarding a merchant caravan. Haggle for coin (or not) then agree to help out to start the quest "Contract: Phantom of the Trade Route." The level is high, but if you've got the Enhanced Feline Silver Sword and beat the Leshen earlier, you'll be fine.

Travel north-west along the road from Benek, and when the road forks continue north to find a search area, along the northern end of which is the caravan. Activate your Witcher Senses and investigate some cut rope, foot prints, a claw mark, and a barrel to pick up a scent trail leading uphill to the north-east. Follow the scent trail along more conventional trail to find a cave, outside of which is a body for your to investigate.

Head past a large stalagmite that bisects the cave entrance and into the cave. Continue east until you find some ledges, then head north-east to find some refugees cowering inside the cave. Ask them about what happened, and about Thomil to identify the beast and learn Thomil's fate. Our beasts lie to the south-east, but first, head south-west and keep your eye to the south to find a chest containing the Diagram: Enhanced Feline Boots.

Objective	Reward
For finding the survivors	30 XP
For learning about the beast	25 XP
Backtrack to the south-east and head up a ramp along the eastern side of the cave. Continue south, scale a ledge, then leap across a chasm, turn south-east, then scale some more ledges and head outside to find the Wyvern nest. Here you'll find two Wyverns (level twenty-one)-use Draconid Oil on your Silver Sword and perhaps a Potion of Thunderbolt to see you through this fight then blow up the two nests. Geralt will wait, and eventually the Royal Wyvern will show up. Aside from being larger than the other two, it doesn't fight very different. Kill it and-after the peasants bother you-loot it for the Silver Sword Anathema, and a Royal Wyvern Trophy, among other things. Be sure to loot the lesser Wyverns and the nests before you go. When you're done, return to the Refugee in Benek and collect your reward.

Objective	Rewards
For destroying the Monster Nest	20 XP Each
For slaying the Royal Wyvern	250 XP
192 Crowns
Toderas
Now let's clear up a few more map markers. If you head north-west from Benek (past the caravan ambush site) you'll find the abandoned town of Toderas (and its signpost). Here you'll find two groups of Bandits (levels four and five) who have decided to loot the town. When you approach they'll tell you to go away. You can call them monsters and attack, or you can let them go-but Geralt will sow strife amongst them in doing so, and the two groups will end up fighting. Either way, loot the town, then head north-west into a swamp, where you'll find a house sinking into a swamp. Kill a pair of Foglets (level four) haunting the area, then loot around the house. On parcel in particular-the one north of the small structure-contains valuable loot.

Hidden Treasure: Hidden From the World (level 9)
Head east from the sinking structures to find a road, then follow this road north. When you reach a fork continue north and eventually this road will bisect another running east-west. Contine north into the wilderness to find a "Hidden Treasure" event. Kill the Bandits (level nine) at the camp and loot one for a "Letter." Read it to start the quest "Hidden From the World." From the camp head south and slightly west, cross the road, and scale a hill. You'll find the chest you're looking for hidden in some bushes, past the rocks surrounding the top of the hill.

Well, we're ready to move onto Skellige, gear-wise, and probably well past ready, level-wise. There are a few more issues we should resolve before we leave Novigrad, however... Ignore them if you wish, but how (or whether) we complete these quests have significant impact on the story in the long run.

A Favor for Triss
Novigrad is a dangerous place for mages these days, especially if they were part of Lodge of Sorceresses. Triss might just need our help, and we need her services for a few things, so let's go pay our dear friend Triss a visit? Fast-travel to Hierarch Square and, while you're here head north-west of the signpost to find a table littered with papers from which you can take "An Invitation to the Memorial Derby." Read it to start the quest "Race: The Great Erasmus Vegelbud Memorial Derby." Just another one to add to the pile...

Triss is living north-east of Hierarch Square, so leave via the eastern road along the southern end of the square. Along the way you'll spot a Preacher saying mean things about Witchers. Talk to him and Geralt will challenge him to say that to his face, which, to his credit, the Preacher does. Pick the top option to politely point out the good Witchers do, and the Preacher will lose his congregation, will plenty of egg on his face (figuratively). Threatening him or refusing to continuing with him achieves the same results, but somehow feels somewhat less satisfying.

Objective	Reward
For putting the Preacher in his place	10 XP
If you think this is the end of this matter, then you've got a lot to learn. Sometime later on while wandering Novigrad you'll be pestered by two Guards (level ten), who ask for your weapons. If you surrender them you'll be informed that the priest you insulted ordered this hit on you. If you kept your weapons, this will be a normal armed melee. If not, you'll need to make do without weapons-you can, however, use Signs, Bombs, and your crossbow).

Objective	Reward
For fighting off the Priest's goons	25 XP
From the Preacher head north-east under an arch and follow a road to the north, taking the second road east to find Triss's house. Knock on the door and the landlords will-after some complaining-let you in. Head upstairs and talk to Triss. Poor Triss and her lop-sided house... Anyways, ask her what's on her mind and she'll tell you she got an vague letter promising cash and the possible salvation of some mages, two strong motivators for Triss. Smart girl that she is, though, she's suspicious, especially after the last few close encounters. Offer to help her like the great guy you are and she'll discuss some of the silly details with you.

Tales Statuettes Tell
Talk to her again and tell her about the two Jade Figurines you've found and she'll reveal their true natures. Pick which one you want to deal with first, then you'll automatically follow Triss to a site where she can safely work her magic. Each of the two statuettes will take their true forms and tell you a story about how they came to find themselves transformed. You'll get a reward and these quests will end.

Objective	Reward
For freeing the Nobleman	XP Varies
30 Crowns
Lesser Glyph of Axii
For freeing the Soldier	XP Varies
If you completed "Redania's Most Wanted" and kept the gem from Phillipa's megascope, you can also have Triss take a look at it. You'll witness some sorceress politics involving Phillipa and another mage named Margarita, after which you can give the crystal to Triss, or you can double-down on your desire to give it to Radovid, despite the possible consequences.

A Matter of Life and Death (level 12)
Head to the fishmarket, which is south-west of Hierarch Square, just north of one of the bridges connecting the docks district to the central district. Once you reach the search area activate your Witcher Senses to find a man just south of the center of the search area-there are plenty of people wearing blue, but the keys will highlight red under your Witcher Senses. After a brief chat you'll have to follow the man. Kill some Bandits (level nine) along the way, then reach your destination, where Triss will join you. The servant will tell you about Vegelbud's problem, and the solution proposed is... well, extravagent.

After the conversation, it's time to get ready. Head over to Elihal's shop in the nonhuman district and buy "Triss' Fox Mask," a mask for yourself, and perhaps some new clothes (tunic, breeches, and shoes) if you wish to appease Triss. Once done return to the Triss, then you'll head to the masquerade together.

From the entrance head south-east along the main walkway where you'll shortly be accosted by a drunk, who mistakes Triss for a prostitute from happier days. Either get into a fight-fight, or keep your impulses under control and just walk off. Continue up some some stairs to reach a gate, near which an actual past acquaintance of Triss's-a man named Moritz-awaits. He'll decline Triss's attempts to recruit him, and what you say during this conversation doesn't really matter.

Objective	Reward
For telling off the drunk	XP Varies
Continue through the wooden gate and turn south to find a Croupier, who oversees a little Gwent tournament. You'll have to defeat three Gwent players in order to win all their cards. They're not the best players we've yet encounter, but they're not slouches, either. The cards you win, however, are worth the trouble. For winning the first round you'll win the "Milva" Card, a 10 Strength card with the "Morale Boost" ability that will serve any Scoia'tael deck well. The second round grants you the "Vampire: Bruxa" card which is a 4 Strength card with the "Muster" ability-always welcome in any Monster deck. "Dandelion" is the card you win for defeating all comers-a 2 Strength card that has the unique property of doubling the Strength of all other Close Combat Unit cards in the row... like a "Commander's Horn" card. Sadly, the two don't stack.

Objective	Reward
For winning the Gwent Tournament	XP Varies
If you wander around you'll run into your old pal Morvran Voorhis, who will exchange pleasantries with you. Dijkstra can also be found lurking around, appropriately wearing a pig mask. Chat him up and he'll reference some of the unfortunate incidents that seem to go hand-in-hand with him meeting Geralt at parties. Be sure to loot the tables for various foods and alcohol, if you've a mind to.

More importantly, however, you'll find Ingrid Vegelbud to the north. Approach her to start a conversation. Triss will vouch for you and Ingrid will talk about her nitwit son and his father, and give some details on how this rescue will take place. When you're done talking to her you'll get three search areas. Head to the southern-most one, overlooking the lawn to the south, where you'll find a group of party-goers, including your target. Your Witcher Senses won't help you spot him out, but he can be spotted by noting his dark blue shirt, blonde hair, and, of course, his panther mask. It doesn't hurt that he's also babbling about alchemy.

Talk to the idiot and you'll find out that, yes, he really is an idiot. He'll also give you a more definite time table and plan for when and where to sneak him out of the party. Once the plans are made, head back through the gate to the first area (where we were accosted by the drunk and met Moritz) then head south to a secluded spot, where Triss will ask to take a break and chat. Sit on the bench and, if you wish, you can flirt with Triss for a bit. As Triss talks it'll become clear that she found a way to get herself drunk at some point. Wonderful. Follow her south into the hedge maze (looting a chest near the middle while you're in there) then proceed to the western end of the maze to find Triss. When you catch up with her, make a timed decision to kiss her or not, after which Albert shows up.

Geralt and Albert will switch masks and, after letting Triss and Albert leave first, Geralt will follow. When you're back in control, leave the hedge. Along the way the woman in the bird mask will pester Geralt-as-Albert, but she'll run off quickly enough when some Witch Hunters show up. Geralt isn't about to blow his cover, nor is he keen on getting captured, so naturally fisticuffs ensues. This isn't a prize-fight, though, don't be afraid to use Signs to help you out. When they're dead, exit the hedge maze and head north across the estate to reach the stables. After a scene the quest "A Matter of Life and Death" will end, and "Now or Never" begins.

Objective	Reward
For fighting off the Witch Hunters	XP Varies
Now or Never (level 14)
Head back to Novigrad and go visit Triss in her apartment. Near the house you'll notice that some guards are outside, which Geralt recognizes as a bad sign. Inside the house Triss is arguing with her landlords-make a timed decision to stand by, or interfere on Triss' behalf. Afterwards Triss will tell you her problems. Decide whether you should try to save Berthold and Anisse or not, then follow Triss outside and kill the three Guards (level fourteen) outside the house.

If you decided to help Berthold and Anisse, you'll need to follow Triss and she'll (after dodging a patrol of Witch Hunters) lead you to Berthold and Arnisse's house. Kill two Witch Hunters (level ten) inside, then talk to the two and convince Berthold to leave with the Axii Sign. As you leave, loot the house to find the Steel Sword "Gwestog," then follow Triss to the Kingfisher. If, on the other hand, you decided to abandon Berthold and Anisse you'll head right to the Kingfisher.

Objective	Reward
For using the Axii Sign on Berthold	40 XP
For rescuing Berthold and Anisse	XP Varies
Once at the Kingfisher you'll find Olivier, the Innkeep and apparent collaborator-at least, you'll find him if you abandoned Berthold and Anisse. If not, you'll discover that Witch Hunters have reached before us and have killed Olivier. Kill the Witch Hunters (levels thirteen and fourteen) if they're here and Triss will either talk to Olivier, or complain about his demise. Either way head through a door to the east to find the hiding mages. Chat with Dijkstra, who is playing the role of the altruist for now, and Triss will give a speech, after which we'll need to head into the sewers and clear the way for the fleeing mages. You'll also notice that, regardless of whether you saved them or not, Berthold and Anisse are both down here.

Objective	Reward
For reaching the Kingfisher	XP Varies
Head past Triss in the north-eastern corner of the cellar and go down several flights of stairs to reach the sewers. Once in the sewers continue south, then west, where you'll encounter some Drowners (level fifteen). Kill them (Triss will offer magical support) then loot a chest along the southern wall, an top of a wooden structure. Continue north and kill another Drowner or two as necessary. Turn to face the eastern wall, which you'll find is susceptible to Aard. Blast the weak bricks aside and loot a chest in the chamber beyond.

Continue west into a chamber and loot the parcels and barrels along the western wall, then head down a passage to the south, where Triss will whine. Isn't scouting something she should have done before luring all the mages here? Backtrack to the north and continue on in that direction into a new room where you can blast the wall to the west with Aard to reach a hidden library. Loot the books-you can always sell them later-and continue to the west to find another Aardable wall to the south. Blast the wall and head through the hole, then turn east to find a chest, then continue west and kill three Drowners (level fifteen) and loot some crates.

Go through a gate to the west and down some stairs where Triss will comment on rats being nearby. Unlike Keira, Triss is more than eager to toast the buggers. Head down some wooden stairs and dispatch the rats, then loot some corpses and crates before continuing to the south. Loot a "Crumpled Note" from a corpse along the eastern wall and read it to confirm that these are, indeed, Cleaver's dumping grounds, then head up some wooden stairs, go through a gate, then up some stone stairs.

Reach a chamber to find that the path splits. If you continue up some stairs to the east you can kill a trio of Drowners (level fifteen) and loot the room for... mostly mundane junk. Go down some stairs to the south and loot the room you find yourself in for much better loot. Activate your Witcher Senses and investigate a corpse, then head down some stairs to the west into another room, where more loot and another pair of corpses await.

Continue west, then follow the tunnel north and investigate the western wall to identify some claw marks. Loot the room to the north, then continue through a gate to the west, stopping to search a small room to the south where more corpses await, which will allow Geralt to identify the beast lurking these parts of the sewers. Loot the chamber to the west, then head down a tunnel to the north and through a gate to reach a chamber occupied by a Katakan (level fourteen). It fights much like our Ekimarra did earlier, except it can also phase around. Luckily, Triss helps out with her magic, keeping the beastie off guard. When it falls, loot it, and the room, then head through a gate and up some stairs to the east.

Objective	Reward
For killing the Katakan	XP Varies
Follow the linear tunnels beyond, looting as you go to reach the harbor, where you'll reunite with Dijkstra, who is pessimistic about the ship. Afterwards Djikstra will tease you about Triss before being interrupted by some Witch Hunters (level thirteen). Make quick work of them with Djikstra, his goons, and Triss, afterwards Triss'll go to say farewell to Geralt. If you've got a thing for Triss, try to convince her to stay. If you pull out the heavy artillery and use the "l-word" and if you kissed her during the masquerade... well... Djikstra will try to cheer you up with a story about his own ill-fated attempt to love a sorceress.

Objective	Reward
For reaching the harbor	XP Varies
After parting ways with Triss, Dijkstra will speak to you again and tell you about a more permanent plan to deal with the scourge that plagues the mages of the north. Listen to Dijkstra rant about Radovid. Geralt proclaims his fabled Witcher neutrality, and Dijkstra leaves the offer on the table, starting the quest "A Deadly Plot."

Objective	Reward
For rekindling your romance with Triss	300 XP
Note: After this quest, the next time you attempt to go through one of the gates to Novigrad's central district you'll be accosted by guards, who are now checking for yet another pass to prove you're not some scandalous magey-type. One of Dijkstra's agents will arrive to give you an "Eternal Fire Letter of Safe Conduct."

A Deadly Plot
Speaking of Radovid... we might as well go see about Dijkstra's plot against the king. Taking this step won't commit us into anything, so there's no harm in it-besides, it would be premature to turn this quest down before we know more about what Dijkstra is planning.

Plot at the Passiflora
Travel to the Passiflora and talk to Marquise Serenity, who is in the room to the north-west. Talk to her and she'll lead you to the meeting spot-clearly if she's not one of the conspirators, she's at least aware of the conspiracy. Go through the secret door near where she was standing and up some stairs to find Dijkstra, who will introduce you to one of his co-conspirators. Seems like former intelligence officers tend to stick together, and Radovid's angered all of them... save one glaring omission from the first Witcher game... Anyways, ask what's expected of you and you'll be sent off to find a wayward associate of theirs.

Fast-travel to the "Border Post" signpost and head north to find Gregor. talk to him and he'll tell you why he's in on the conspiracy before he tells you about the "cobbler" you're looking for, whose cart was found nearby. Once you have the info you need, head south from the Border Post and continue south-east along the road (ignoring all forks along the way) until you find the cobbler's cart east of the road. The big shoe on top should identify it well enough.

Trolls and Thaler
Kill some Wolves (level five) and a Warg (level eight) then activate your Witcher Senses to spot some "signs of a scuffle" on a road, then head south-west, following a trail of shoes (rather than their prints for a change). Along the way you'll find a Troll, who is fussing over a pile of shoes. Ask the Troll-Rogg-about the shoes and he'll point you in the right direction. Head to the "Monster Den" north-west of the "Hanged Man's Tree" signpost. While formerly home to some Nekkers, it is now the home to Trolls.

Venture into the cave's large cavern, where you'll find your cobbler, as well as the other two Trolls, Ogg and Pogg. If you threaten the Trolls, you'll provoke them, and have to fight three Rock Trolls (level sixteen). Otherwise, navigate the conversation and you can tell them that you just need to borrow the cobbler for a little while.

Either way, make off with the cobbler and the two of you will talk on your way back to his cart. When you reach the cart there will be more chatter-ask Thaler more about his cobbler act as you please and the quest will end.

Objective	Reward
For rescuing Thaler	25 XP
Note: Completing these three quests will allow us to start the quest "Reason of State" later in the game, which has great impact on the long-term politics of the north. On their own, however, "Eye For an Eye," "Redania's Most Wanted" and "A Deadly Plot" affect nothing, so there's no harm in completing them, no matter how bright or bleak you want the future of the north to be.

Gwent: Playing Thaler
Before you run off, talk to Thaler again, where you'll find the option to play Gwent with him. He's got a mediocre Scoia'tael deck-count on him to use his "Francesca Findabair, the Beautiful" card to boost the Strength of his Ranged Unit Cards, but otherwise, he's mostly got mid-strength unit cards and a few weak cards with the "Muster" ability. When you win you'll walk away with the coveted "Geralt of Rivia" card, a 15 Strength Close Combat Unit Hero Card. This will start and complete the quest "Gwent: Playing Thaler" as well as update the quest "Gwent: Old Pals." Like Vernon, Thaler tells you to play Lambert.

Objective	Reward
For defeating Thaler at Gwent	25 XP
Geralt of Rivia Card

Skellige
From Novigrad to Kaer Trolde
We've finished our search for Ciri in Novigrad-seems like Skellige is the only place left to search. Maybe Yennefer has been more successful than we have been?

Destination: Skellige (level 16)
Track this quest and you'll spot three search areas-three ship captains you need to talk to along the western end of Novigrad, between the Golden Sturgeon and Crippled Kate's. One is a woman just south-west of the Golden Sturgeon who has good reason to never to travel to Skellige again. Head north-west along the shore and head down the first dock you find and board the ship in the search area... which... kind of just disappears on its own. Okay. Time to explore the ship to the west of Crippled Kate's, where you'll find Captain Liglad on the deck of his ship. He'll refer you to someone named Wolverstone, the captain of the ship "Atropos," who is at the Golden Sturgeon.

Head over to the Golden Sturgeon to find Captain Wolverstone on the main floor, drinking away. Talk to him to find out that he's sloshed... and getting passage on his ship will cost you a hefty sum of 1000 Crowns. At this point in the game, though... well, it's not chump change, but you should have enough to spare. Pay him and tell him you're ready to go and you'll set sail.

Geralt will wake to the sound of trouble outside-a proper Skellige welcome. Head outside and fight off some Pirates (levels fourteen, fifteen and sixteen). After a cutscene Geralt will arrive in Skellige, although not in the most graceful of manners. Fend off the question a Skelliger collecting his harvest to learn that a witch has become the guest of some "Crach" character, in Kaer Trolde. Might that be Yennefer? Our handsy Skelliger will give us directions to Kaer Trolde, then depart. Loot the beach to the east and, on a body near a piece of broken boat, along the coast, you'll find 1050 Crowns. Looks like you get to keep the money you paid to get here after all. There's also plenty of containers to loot around here. The dead sure don't need it anymore, and it's better off in your hands than in some Skelliger's.

Monster Nest (level 19)/Place of Power
New area, new signposts to find, villagers to explore, Merchants and Innkeepers to play Gwent with (yes!), and map markers to clear. Might as well clear our way north to Kaer Trolde and get established in Skellige. First head west into the shallows, where you'll find a couple of small islands. On one is a sunken ship, whereupon you'll find a Monster Nest. Blow it up with a bomb and kill the Erynia (level nineteen) that spawns, then loot the nest and the other various containers nearby. South of this shipwreck you'll find a Place of Power.

Objective	Reward
For destroying the Monster Nest	20 XP
For killing the Eryina Guardian	50 XP
Monster Nest (level 18)
Backtrack east, then follow the coast in that direction (swimming around sheer rock faces when you must) until you find a Drowner Nest. Kill off a half dozen of so Drowners (level fifteen) then blow up the nest. A stronger Drowner (level eighteen) will arise to oppose you. Put it down and loot the nest, as well as some corpses nearby.

Objective	Reward
For destroying the Monster Nest	20 XP
Guarded Treasure (level 16)
Head uphill to the north until you find a road. Head north-west a short distance to where three road meet to find the "Crossroads" signpost. Yes, another one. Every area has a "Crossroads" signpost, it seems. You can fast travel back to Novigrad/Velen from any signpost on Skellige, which is convenient enough. For now, though, follow a road to the south, then east, and up a hill to find a Wyvern (level sixteen) lurking about its nest. Kill it and loot the corpses nearby to knock off a rather unrewarded "Guarded Treasure" event.

Peace Disrturbed (level 25)
Return to the "Crossroads" and follow the road north, north-west. Ignore a fork to the north-east as it leads to some crypts where we can start the quest "Peace Distrubed" by talking to two Skelliger women. At level twenty-five, it's doable, but if you want to wait until you're a higher level, that's just as well-it'll be covered here for when you're ready.

Apply some Specter Oil to your Silver Sword and head into the crypt. You'll be able to search the first chamber in relative peace. Put your loot goggles on, because there's a bit of it to be found in these crypts. Score a lucrative chest near a sarcophagus north-east of the entrance, then head down a tunnel to the north-west.

Travel down two flights of stairs and dispatch a Wraith (level twenty-four) then had down a tunnel to the south-west to reach a larger chamber with two Wraiths inside. Loot around, then head down some stairs to the north-west to reach a flooded crypt occupied by two Wraiths (level twenty-four) and a Nightwraith (level twenty-five). Dispatch the lesser Wraiths first, then focus on the Nightwraith, who fights the same as every other Nightwraith we've encountered. Once they're dead, search the room for chests and various other containers, then find an Aardable wall to the north-east of the stairs that led here.

Blast the wall then search beyond the rubble to find some... Han Fiber? Ah well, they're not all winners... Oh, right. Scale the ledge to the south-east and score a chest, then turn north-east, head up a ramp, then scale another pair of ledges and continue down a passage to the south-east, jumping gaps and scaling ledges as you go. Eventually you'll reach a dead-end chamber with a hole in the ground to the south-east. Scale a rock to the north-east to find a chest hiding behind it, then drop down the hole.

Reach the chamber below and search to the north-west to find a chest in an alcove. Once done, head up some stairs to the north-west, continue through a chamber in the same direction, then turn south-west and scale a ledge and Aard some rocks to reach daylight. You can now head south and talk to the old ladies at your leisure-just make your way to the west to reach some roads and follow them south. Along the way, east of the road, you'll spot a merchant. He'll sell you a bunch of maps which reveal signposts when you read them, albeit at significant cost. Save some money and just walk (or ride, or sail) everywhere. Deal with him as you wish, but return to the ladies for your meager reward.

Objective	Reward
For putting the ghosts to rest	50 XP
Guarded Treasure (level 7)
Continue along the road to the north-west until you come to another fork, where you should again ignore the north-eastern road. Instead veer off into the wilderness to the west and head uphill until, near the coast, you find some gravestones over-looking the sea. A trio of Wraiths (level seven) will arrive and challenge you. Banish them, then loot a chest and a corpse to finish this "Guarded Treasure" event.

Skellige Traditions
Return east to the road and continue following it to the north-west to find Kaer Trolde in the distance. The road will split again-if you continue north-west you'll pass over most of the town and eventually reach the ""Bridge to Kaer Trolde" signpost. Instead go downhill to the west until the path splits yet again. From here go north-east to reach the "Kaer Trolde Harbor"-the place and the signpost.

Near the signpost you'll find some woodcutters working on a totem. Talk to Bjorg, who will tell you of an unusual Drowner problem (as if there are "normal" Drowner troubles!). Haggling with them or not, then agree to help him out, which starts the quest "Contract: Muire D'yaeblen". Yeah, we're here to see Yennefer, but there's no harm in picking up the odd quest on the side. Talk to the nearby Boatwright's Apprentice to learn more about the beast, then head west along the shore.

Continue west along some docks where a crowd has gathered to witness a somber scene-a funeral, a death, and a taste of Skellige tradition. After the scene Geralt will find Yennefer. You can choose to flirt with her like a fool, or talk business. Tell Yennefer what you learned in Velen and Novigrad, and she'll tell you about all the nothing she did while you were busy. Crach will show up and insist you show up at Bran's wake, and Yennefer, like all the bossy women Geralt knows, demands that he dress nicely for the occasion. The quest "Destination: Skellige" ends, and "The King is Dead - Long Live the King" begins.

Objective	Reward
For finding Yennefer in Skellige	250 XP
The King is Dead - Long Live the King (level 16)
Well, we might as well continue exploring Kaer Trolde, since we're here and all. Head back east along the docks, where you'll find a Skelliger with an exclaimation point above his head. Talk to him and he'll tell you a tale of woe before asking you to help him out with some coin. Either pay him 150 Crowns or not. If you do, he'll promise to repay you the next time he sees you back in Novigrad. You can also find a Merchant around here, but all he sells are more (or rather, the same) maps.

Return to the signpost and continue east. Town stuff to do! First thing you'll come across is a notice board on which you'll find the following notices "Contract: Woodland Spirit," "Contract: Stolen Sword," "Contract: Muire D'yaeblen," "Gwent Lessons" and "Fist Fights." We've already started the quest "Contract: Muire D'yaeblen," but grabbing the others starts the quests "In the Heart of the Woods," "The Family Blade," "Gwent: Skellige Style" and "Fists of Fury: Skellige."

Turn north-perusing the wares of a Merchant and an Herbalist (the latter of which plays Gwent and might have some new formulae to sell)-then head across a bridge and continue north a bit to find the inn Yennefer is staying at to the west. Head inside and talk to the Jonas the Innkeep. Not only does he play Gwent, he also will sell you a variety of Gwent cards, including the "Earth Elemental" Card, the "Eredin, King of the Wild Hunt" card, and the "Botchling" Card. Once you're done reinforcing your deck, head through a door in the south-western corner of the inn to find Yennefer's room.

Loot the room and look around with your Witcher Senses to find the books "The Poisoned Source" and "Yennefer's Journal." You can also investigate her Megascope, some clothes, her signature perfume, the infamous stuffed unicorn, and of course, the chest with the clothes she wants us to wear. Put on the clothes for a tidy experience reward and Geralt will ponder his relationship with Yennefer-a test of faith he seems to do every time he has to look presentable.

Objective	Reward
For putting on the fancy clothes	150 XP
If you're still unkempt, you can find a tailor/barber east of the inn. There's no reward for prettying yourself up this much, however. Anyways, when you're ready continue south-east, cross the bridge, and return to the "Kaer Trolde" signpost. From here, follow the road south-west, then east after it forks. When it forks again head north-east, across a gated, towered, and roofed bridge, uphill, and ultimately into a tunnel. Continue through the tunnel to reach a bridge leading to the keep, marked by the "Bridge to Kaer Trolde" signpost.

Attending the Wake
Approach the keep and you'll see Yennefer chatting with Bran's widow, Birna. Despite the fact that she was all too eager to engage Yennefer in political debate, she now decides that, on this sad day, she can't be bothered to indulge in long conversations. Geralt and Yennefer will exchange compliments, then you'll have to follow her through the keep and to the wake.

You'll be seated by a functionary, where Cerys an Craite and her friends will discuss politics, and ultimately end up challenging you to a race. A foot race, as it turns out. Accept and race her to the top, the goal being to claim an axe at the top of the mountain. Claim victory (or not) and you'll end up back at the party where drinks will be offered. Be a good Witcher and turn down the alcohol.

Objective	Reward
For rubbing elbows at the Wake	150 XP
Follow Yennefer to the next bunch of attendees, including Birna, Holger Blackhand, and Svanrige an Tuirseach, where you'll discuss Skellige traditional funeral customs, and Holger will express his dislike for Birna. Continue following Yennefer until she introduces you to Jarl Donar and Hindar and Jarl Madman Lugos, who don't seem to like each other. After Lugos is rude to Yennefer you can say "Gone too far, Lugos" to pick a fight with him, or "Let's calm down" to avoid one. It's more lucrative to fight, although Lugos probably is quite a bit stronger than you (level thirty), but a solo fistfight is pretty easy if you can parry. Beat Lugos and he'll become much friendlier.

Objective	Reward
For smacking around Jarl Lugos	150 XP
Ermion's Lab
Continue following Yennefer and she'll reveal her real reason for attending the wake. Keep following her to Ermion's lab, looting as you go. After a close call, continue on to his lab, which, apparently won't be as easy to enter as simply using the front door. Backtrack a bit and head out a window, drop down a ledge to the east, and climb another to the north, then go through another window to reach the Ermion's chambers. Head down some stairs to the north and go through a gate to find Ermion's collection. Use your Witcher Senses to examine the subjects of his hobby, then investigate a bowl along the northern end of the room for a description from Yennefer. When you're ready to move on, examine a door to the west, which has unintended consequences.

Fight off the beasts that attack (don't worry, they don't perform up to their level) after which Yennefer will talk to you and point out a... silly revelation. After passing the Trial of Taxidermy, follow Yennefer through the door Geralt examined earlier (although with less silly consequences this time around) and continue west to reach his lab.

Turn on your Witcher Senses and you'll find the letter "Ermion's Correspondance," the books "Tales of the Wild Hunt," and "The White Frost" and the "The Corpse of Novigrad." You can also investigate some alchemy equipment, a sword in-the-stone, a map, a statue, a carved goat, his tobacco pipe. More importantly, on a table to the east you'll find a "Cone," on a smaller table near a bookshelf rests a "Skull," and on a bedside table to the south-west is some "Mead." With these in hand, examine the statue again and place the Mead in its hand to open a secret door to the west.

Head through the door and down some stairs to find the object of your-or at least, Yennefer's-desires. While she's gawking, an Earth Elemental will animate and attack. This fight is similar to the Golem we fought alongside Keira Metz earlier, and like Keira, Yennefer will help out. Loot the elemental when it falls, after which the Druid will spring a nasty surprise. Make a timed decision-if you are pessimistic, you'll appear back at the Wake. If you're perverted, you'll appear at the tavern where Yennefer is staying. Once there, you can continue to flirt with Yennefer to spend some quality time with her. Poor unicorn.

Either way, once you're back at the Wake, claimants to the throne will confirm their candidacy, after which Yennefer and Geralt will get their audience with Crach. He's sympathetic to our goal, and will give us free reign to search for Ciri as we wish-promising to keep Ermion and his druids at bay. He'll also ask us to help keep his children-Hjalmar and Cerys-safe if their quests to prove themselves worth of being the next king... or queen. This starts the quests "The Lord of Undvik," "Possession" and "Echoes of the Past" and ends "The King is Dead - Long Live the King." Seems we have our work cut out for us.

Objective	Reward
For surviving the Wake and meeting with Crach	600 XP
From Kaer Trolde to Rannvain
Yennefer awaits us far to the south-east... but since we're in Kaer Trolde, we might as well help deal with some local problems and once we're done with that, we'll clear map markers on our way to Yennefer.

First let's talk to Crach again-he'll usually be in his room after the party (although you might have to wait for him to make it there). From the battlement on which you talked head north and go up some wooden stairs along the western wall of the keep, then through a doorway to return to the main hall. Go through a door in the south-western corner and continue south until you find a room to the east, wherein you'll find Crach. Talk to him about Hammand to update the quest "Following the Thread."

Leave the castle, but on your way out (in the chamber just before the bridge) turn north to find an Armorer. He's a Journeyman-level craftsman, plays Gwent, and he sells a large (and expensive) variety of diagrams for you to buy. He also sells "Ibrahim Savi's Second Map" and "Ibrahim Savi's Fourth Map," which start the quests "Scavenger Hunt: Bear School Gear upgrade Plans - Part 2" and "Scavenger Hunt: Bear School Gear upgrade Plans - Part 4," respectively. We'll have to see about acquiring some of this Ursine Armor... but that can wait a bit. Last but not least, ask him about a master craftsman (he'll just point you to Fergus out in Velen) and politics.

Skellige (Continued)
Contract: Muire D'Yaeblen (level 18)
Let's finish off that contract we started earlier. First step, talk to the other person of interest-a "Skellige Woman"-the widow of one of the victims, who will tell you her tale. Once done, leave Kaer Trolde Harbor and follow the road south of it to the west to reach a watchpost built upon a hill, where you can score a chest. To get to the coast, head down a steep hill south of this watch post, where you'll find a search area.

Objective	Reward
For talking to the Skelligers about the Drowner attacks	25 XP
Kill some Drowners (level eighteen) and search a body along the water line to pick up a scent trail, then activate your Witcher Senses and follow the shallows along the cliff face to the south, scoring a lucrative chest as you go. When the shallows end, dive into the water and swim south around a rocky out-cropping, then dive and and swim into a cave to the east. You'll be able to spot some tracks along the floor and wall of the cave as you swim-follow the linear tunnel as it twists and turns, then surface in the Drowner's lair.

Objective	Reward
For discovering the Drowner Lair	25 XP
From where you surface follow some tracks east, blast some poisonous gas with Igni, then turn north to find a watery chamber housing several Drowners (level eighteen). These Necrophages like to frolic in the gas clouds along the northern end of the room-teach a lesson by blasting it with Igni. Once they're dispatched into a tunnel east of the chamber you just cleared and investigate a corpse on the ground to determine that, while we're in a Drowner lair, the monster we're hunting is no Drowner. Explore the room to the east to confirm this even further, then study some boat debris along the eastern end of the room to identify your quarry.

Make the Drowner Pheromones potion (if you haven't already) then consume it before heading into a tunnel to the south-east, where Geralt will await the return of your prey. Once this occurs, return to the chamber to the north-west to find our foe, joined by two Drowners (level eighteen). Nothing exceptional hear-just a Water Hag, so you know what to expect. She'll throw much, claw you, dive into the water to resurface and repeat. Necrophage Oil works wonders here. Once she'd dead, loot her for the Steel Sword Daystar, a Water Hag Mutagen, and a Water Hag Trophy, amongst other goodies. Once done, search this chamber to find a chest. Two more can be found in the tunnels to the south-east, at each end of the Y-shaped fork.

Backtrack west, then south to reach the three-way fork. If you head west you'll return down the tunnel you entered the lair through. If you go down the unexplored path to the east you'll find another exit out of here. From this exit, if you swim north you'll reach an isolated shoreline where you can find two more chests. Return to Kaer Trolde Harbor and talk to Bjorg to collect your reward. If you haggle for more based on the nature of the foe you faced, you'll get it, but it'll make Bjorg unhappy.

Objective	Reward
For slaying the Water Hag, Abaya	250 XP
187-281 Crowns
Worthy of Trust
Leave Kaer Trolde Harbor and follow the road south. Midway between Kaer Trolde and the "Crossroads" signpost, east of the road, you'll find a Merchant. If you remember, he sells nothing but useless maps. Now, however, there's a Skelliger sitting nearby with a quest for us. Talk to him and Geralt will recognize our him as the poor Merchant he gave a loan to earlier. Geralt will call him out on his thievery, after which you have three options, let him go, turn him into the Jarl, or attack him. The latter two options end with you having to kill him, starting-and ending-the quest "Worthy of Trust." You'll get 20 Crowns for the effort, and you can loot his body for the 150 Crowns you gave him earlier. If you let him go, you'll just get 20 Crowns, and the conman will wander off... It might be tempting to kill him, but it's more lucrative to let him go.

Objective	Reward
For confronting the con-man	20 Crowns
Rannvaig
Continue south along the road to reach the "Crossroads" signpost. From here, head south-east and cross a bridge, following the road until it forks. At this fork continue south, then south-west to reach the village of Rannvaig. Check out the notice board outside of town and pick up the notice "Nithing" to start the quest "The Nithing," and the notice "Contract: Missing Son" to start a quest of the same name. You can also find an Alchemist named Jonna, who will sell you alchemical supplies, and perhaps the odd formula or two.

Head south to find Odhen, who will tell you about his son, lured by tales of treasure and glory. You'll recognize the boy by his yellow tunic. Considering the level of this quest, we'll ignore it for now. For a quest we can deal with, continue south-east along a road from the "Rannvaig" signpost, then head south when it forks. Ignore the first road east, but take the second to find the home of Lothar, whose family is suffering from the effects of a wicked curse. Geralt will present Lothar with two ways to deal with the quest-but first, we're going to have to learn more about it... namely the identity of the curser.

The Nithing
Examine the Nithing to the north, which will reveal a trail near the totem. Our hexxer was wise enough to set a curse, but not smart enough to cover their tracks. Follow them north-west to find a woman's shawl, which leaves a scent trail. Follow the scent trail back to the village, where the scent is lost amongst the fragrant musk of unwashed Skelligers. Talk to a "Skelliger Woman" along the south-western edge of the search area and ask about the shawl, and she'll point you to Jonna. Somebody's in trouble...

Confront Jonna and she'll be rather unrepentant, telling her side of the story before giving some rather absurd terms for lifting the curse. Return to Lothar and tell him the news, which, predictably, he declines. Either agree to resolve things by turning the curse back on Jonna (pick the dialogue option "So be it") or say "Can't do that" to force Lothar to suck it up and go back to Jonna. If you choose the latter option, the quest ends, and you'll get experience, but no Crowns. On the other hand, if you pick the former option you'll have to inscribe Jonna's name on the Nithing, which reverses the curse (to Jonna's detriment), then talk to Lothar again to complete the quest.

Objective	Reward
For breaking the Nithing curse	XP Varies
For counter-cursing Jonna	60 Crowns
In the Heart of the Woods
Farylund
To the south-west of Rannvaig you can find the village of Farylund, where you can peruse the wares of-and play Gwent with-a Merchant and a Blacksmith. Pick up the "Fayrlund" signpost and head south to find some villagers gathered around a grisly scene. After some initial hostility Geralt will begin to ply his trade. Shortly Geralt will find himself embroiled in more than just a monster hunt-more like a battle between traditions, and pragmatism.

In the Heart of the Woods (level 22)
Head south-west to find a search area and activate your Witcher Senses. Study some tracks on the ground, then investigate a dog's corpse. Follow the tracks to the west, then trail them along-and through-a stream. Search another corpse run afoul of some roots, then continue following the tracks until they lead to a series of monoliths. Investigate some claw marks and Geralt will identify his target.

Objective	Reward
For identifying your target	10 XP
Read your bestiary, then return to town, where you'll have to talk to Sven and/or Harald. Both have different ideas of how to proceed. Harald wants to preserve the old traditions that kept them strong for so long while mitigating the monster's damage. Sven's goal is to kill the beast, which isn't so simple as just tracking the beast down and stabbing it a few times-we'll have to find the villager it marked, first.

We're not committed yet, however. Activate your Witcher Senses and search near the western edge of the search area to find that the Leshen marked a villager named Hilde. Return to Sven and tell him the news and... well, it'll seem like the Leshen is more of a means to an end. You can try to spare Hilde by advocating banishment, if you wish. Anyways, now it's time to pick a side-if you want to help Sven and his young-bloods, follow the text under "Siding with Sven" if you want to support Harald, follow the text under "Helping Harald."

Helping Harald
Head south from Harald to find an altar on a hilltop. As you approach a pack of White Wolves (levels fifteen and twenty-three) will attack. Kill them, and loot them for their hearts. Once you have five place them on an altar to the north, where a flock of birds will make their approval known. Return to town and talk to Harald, who will pay you. After this Sven will show up and make a power-play. Either let him perform his petty coup, or defend Harald.

Objective	Reward
For helping Harald	50 XP
60 Crowns
Siding with Sven
Head south-west into the woods, where you'll have to find-and destroy-three altars. They're easily spotted by the flock of birds flying over them... and, you know, the quest markers. They'll defend themselves by shooting roots at you, but they're a simple Aard away from oblivion. The first one is unguarded, but the next two both have White Wolves (level fifteen) nearby.

Destroy the altars and continue south-east to find the Leshen's stomping grounds. Some of its birds will assault you before the Leshen itself arrives. It fights... well, rather peculiarly for a Leshen. The Woodland Spirit (level twenty-five) will summon Wolves (level twenty) to attack you, and it can teleport around by using its ravens. Otherwise, it has typical Leshen root and melee attacks. Kill the Woodland Spirit and loot it for a Leshen Trophy.

Objective	Reward
For slaying the Leshen, Woodland Spirit	50 XP
Return to town to find out that Sven-in your absence-has enacted his true agenda. He'll pay you, then rather rudely tell you to leave.

Objective	Reward
For helping Sven	50 XP
60 Crowns
Assassin's Boots
From Fayrlund to Fyresdal
We're now done with Fayrlund, time to continue our trek south to Fyresdal.

Bandit Camp (level 12)
From Rannvaig head east, where you'll find a Bandit Camp along the southern end of a lake. Kill the resident Bandits (level twelve) and loot the chest near their shelter.

Abandoned Site (level 15)
Head north along the western end of the lake until you reach a mill-the site of an "Abandoned Area", now populated by Drowners (level fifteen). Exterminate the Necrophages and some Skelligers will move in, including a Merchant who sells a variety of diagrams similar to what the Armorer in Kaer Trolde sold.

Objective	Reward
For liberating the Abandoned Site	120 XP
50 Crowns
The Family Blade (level 15)
Follow the road from the Abandoned Site north, then east, then north-east when you reach a fork. When the road turns north you'll spot a search area to the east. Head uphill to find a shrine, then from this shrine head east to find a camp occupied by several Skelligers (level fifteen) dispatch them and search one for the "Thief's Journal," then read the journal to find where the blade we're looking for has gone. Seems we're going south, after all! Loot around the tents to find two chests-the one near a wagon, between the two tents can contain some decent loot.

Our next goal is south, but first... travel north to find the village of Rogne. Nothing interesting about this place now, but discovering the signpost will come in handy for the future. Once done, backtrack to the obelisk.

Hard Times (level 21)
Travel south-east from the obelisk to find a series of roads criss-crossing the lowlands, where we can find a few things worth noting. Along the eastern side of the lake you can find some houses to loot. East of here you'll find a Cyclops (level twenty-one). A heavy hitter, its attacks can be blocked with Quen, just avoid its leaping stomp attack, which it takes great effort to inform you of ahead of time. Kill and loot hte beast, then use your Witcher Senses to examine the nearby caravan-the dead horse and human, specifically-then turn east and investigate some tracks along the edge of the road. Follow the trail east to find a corpse, upon which you'll find the "Letter to Yanne." Seems like somebody's going to get some bad news back at Kaer Trolde...

Guarded Treasure (level 23)
Continue south and slightly east to find a Guarded Treasure event, which you can reach by entering a doorway built into a hillside (approaching from the north makes this easy to spot-there's even a road heading right to it!) Apply some Specter Oil to your blade, then head down into the darkness, which provokes three Wraiths (levels twenty-two and twenty-three). Dispatch them and loot a chest to the south.

Blandare
Return above ground and head south and slightly east to find yet another village-Blandare. Along the western end of town, near the signpost, you'll find a man named Djenge Frett. Talk to him and he'll offer to team up and hunt the vile Grossbart brothers and give you some direction, starting the quest "The Sad tale of the Grossbart Brothers." Continue east to find a Merchant, who sells little of interest-but he plays Gwent, then hit the notice board and grab the notice "Contract: Missing Miners," which starts a quest by the same name. It's a bit high-level right now, but there's no harm in picking it up.

Hidden Treasure: Freya Be Praised (level 4)
We've done all we need to do in this town, for now. To the south you'll find two lakes-a larger one to the north, and a smaller one to the south. Head south from Blandare following a road until you reach a fork, near which a Merchant rests. Follow the road south-east-this road runs north of the northern lake, where, south of the road you'll find a corpse upon which you'll find the "Itinerant Merchant's Notes" and a "Small Chest Key." Head south to the shore of the lake and kill a pack of Drowners (level fifteen) then dive into the water to find a submerged chest.

Person(s) in Distress (level 14)
Return north to the road, then follow it back west to the fork, now taking the south-western road. Along this road, which runs west of the larger of the two lakes, you'll find a "Person(s) in Distress" event. Kill a mob of Bandits (level twelve to fourteen) and approach a captive Herbalist to free him. He happens to live nearby, and on subsequent visits, you can do business with him, although he doesn't sell anything terribly interesting, nor does he offer great prices. You can, however convince him to play Gwent with you.

Hidden Treasure: Inheritance (level 14)
Our next destination in our meandering trip south is to the west, over some low mountains. We can head south until we find a pass that, with a bit of jumping and determination, can be traversed, or you can fast-travel back to Fayrlund and head south-east. Either way, reach the ruined village of Boxholm. North of the signpost you'll find a dead warrior and an equally dead bear. Loot the former to obtain an "Old, Yellowed Letter" and a "Silver-Plated Key," then read the letter to start the quest "Inheritance." Search the house west of the dead bear to find a half-buried chest, in which you'll find the Silver Sword "Bloodsword."

Mastercrafted Griffin Steel Sword
Before we go... we might as well secure for ourselves an excellent diagram that requires almost no work to obtain. You know, the best kind. From the "Boxholm" signpost head east through the ruins, following a trail. Head up some stairs and scale a ledge, then turn north to spot a chest chilling out amidst some rubble. Inside you'll find the Diagram: Mastercrafted Griffin Steel Sword. Score.

Return to the "Boxcroft" signpost, then head to the western side of the river and follow it south. We'll be going quite a distance. Our destination? The village of Fyresdal along the southern end of Skellige. On the way you should spot a long-abandoned siege tower between a road running west of the river and the river itself. South of this siege tower you'll find a chest with some lucrative loot inside. Continue south along the nearby road, and when it forks turn south-east, then south to reach Fyresdal.

Fyresdal
Enter the town and talk to a Skelliger near the notice board to find our friendly con-man, who wisely has come to his senses and pays you back for the trouble he caused you. Seems we made a tidy profit on this. Fair enough. Grab the notice "Contract: Dragon" from the notice board to start a quest by the same name... a quest we won't be dealing with just yet. Explore to the south near the port to find a Shopkeeper and a Blacksmith, both of whom play Gwent.

Objective	Reward
For tracking down the con-man a second time	50 XP
200 Crowns
Monster Nest (level 13)
Leave Fyresdal via a road running south-west from the southern end of town. At a fork turn north-west and head uphill, following the road as it turns south-west, at which point you should see a fort to the south-west-our destination looms. Enter the fort via an open gate on the north-eastern side of the structure and slay some Renegades (level fifteen), then loot them to score another "Thief's Journal." Read the journal to find that the blade has eluded us yet again... but on the plus side, it gives us an excuse to explore the north-eastern parts of the island. There's also a Harpy Nest here we can destroy while it's unguarded. If you want to give the flying menaces a fighting chance, though, leave the fort and rest a while and the Harpies (level thirteen) will arrive. Kill them, bomb their nest, then loot it.

Objective	Reward
For destroying the Monster Nest	20 XP
From Rannvaig to Arinbjorn
The next leg of the quest "The Family Blade" requires a different approach. while its location (along the eastern coast of Skellige) seems to give us a great excuse to explore our way there, the simple fact of the matter is that many of the map markers we'd normally clear along the way involve us dealing with foes who are quite a few levels above us. Skellige, however, is an island nation (if nation is the right word), so perhaps it's time to turn our attention to the sea? There are, after all, plenty of map markers aren't on dry land.

Person(s) in Distress (level 12)
Fast-travel back to Rannvaig and commandeer a boat, then sail it along the shore to the west. Why west? Why not? Might as well be thorough. At some point along the shore you'll find a "Person(s) in Distress" event. Land and kill the Bandits (level twelve), then loot them to find a "Cage Key." Use it to free a Blacksmith, who will invite you to meet him at Farylund when you wish to do business. Fair enough. Loot some contains near a jetty for some minor loot, then get back on your boat and embark.

Hidden Treasure (level 19)
Sail west to find some small islands, the skies over which are populated by Ekhidna (level nineteen), which act like larger Harpies. Land the ship on an island where you can engage them, shoot them out of the sky with your crossbow, and dispatch them on the ground, then sail to the western-most island to find a "Hidden Treasure" event. Explore the eastern edge of the island to find a rotten corpse, on which is a "Chest Key." Now you just need to make your way onto the north-central part of the island. There's no clear path up, but if you make your way west onto the southern part of the island, you can determinedly jump your way over the rocks to reach the northern half of the island, where you'll find a chest unlocked by the key you just picked up.

Smuggler's Cache(s) (level 13)
Board you board again and pilot it north and slightly east to find a "Smuggler's Cache." You know how this works by now-three chests are archored by some barrels, swim down and score the easy loot. There are some Sirines (level thirteen) below the surface, but they can be easily dispatched with your crossbow. There are several similar events to the north-the entire coast of Skellige must just be littered with smugglers. Sail north-west and loot another three chests, then go north-east and score another three.

Note: Sirines are easy enough to kill, if you can knock them out of the sky (use your Crossbow for this, or simply attack them when they swoop down to attack). They also don't do much damage. They're more of a nuisance enemy, as they'll latch themselves onto the side of your boat as you sail and rip pieces off the ship off. A swarm of Sirines is more than capable of sinking your ship.

A Hallowed Horn (level 12)
If you remember back to Novigrad, we once promised a man named Nidas that you'd help him to recover a Black Pearl. To the west you'll find three islands forming a broken line running north-south. Nidas awaits us on the southern end of the middle island. Land towards the middle of the eastern end of the central island... more specifically, on a small bit of land to the south-east of the central island, which is connected to the larger bit of land by a small land bridge. On this small almost-island you'll find some Renegades (level fifteen). Kill them, then loot a campsite where, in a chest you'll find the "Journal of a Thief, Part II" and "Holger Blackhand's Horn." Picking these up begins the quest "A Hallowed Horn," normally started by picking up the notice in the village of Holmstein, far to the south. Getting the horn directly just skipped an inconsequential step.

Hidden Treasure: Pearls of the Coast (level 13)
Cross the land-bridge connecting the land you're on to the larger part of the island to the north-west, then head north when you can to find a "Hidden Treasure" event. At this location some Pirates (levels twelve and fourteen) have set up a camp. Kill them, and find a bag of loot on some board, which contains an "Unsent Letter." Take it and read it to start the quest "Pearls of the Coast." Time to get wet again-either head east and dive off a cliff (if you're foolhardy) or return to the land bridge and safely wade into the water like the granny you are. Swim north past the bit of land where we found "Holger Blackhand's Horn" and dive at the mouth of the inlet to find the chest the Pirates were looking for, wherein you'll find the Steel Sword Inis, amongst other goodies.

Black Pearl (level 13)
Return west to the central island and head south to find a bridge, upon which Nidas awaits. Talk to him and confirm your willingness to help him, then follow him north along the western coast. Once you arrive at the coast Nidas will deliver the news that you're the one who is going to have to exhaustively search for the elusive black pearl. Swim west until you find a search area, then dive to find the oysters you'll need to search. Kill some Sirines (level thirteen) with your crossbow so you can hunt in peace, then start investigating the shells on the sea floor. The Black Pearl is in an oyster east of the center of the search area, but it doesn't hurt to loot other shells, first, as you'll get a Pearl as you consolation prize each time.

Obtain the Black Pearl then swim to shore, where you'll find that Nidas is under attack by some Drowners (level twelve). Dispatch them, then talk to Nidas, who will reveal that he kinda sorta forgot to bring your reward. Certainly it was just an oversight. Whatever you say in response to this unwelcome revelation, he'll promise to pay you back in Novigrad. Haven't we heard this before? Anyways, on your own time return to Novigrad and meet Nidas in the Golden Sturgeon, who will tell you his sad tale, then give you a paltry reward for helping him out.

Objective	Reward
For giving Nidas a Black Pearl	XP Varies
For talking to Nidas in Novigrad	10 Crowns
Arinbjorn
There's another outstanding quest on these isles that we might as well see to while we're here. Board your ship and sail south to find the village of Jorund. Here you'll find a notice board that has the notice "Contract: The Phantom of Eldeberg" on it, which starts a quest by the same name. Also in this town you'll find the Blacksmith-Sigurd-who is a big fan of Dandelion, and hence has an over-inflated opinion of both Geralt and the bard. He also plays Gwent, so it's worth putting up with his silliness.

The Phantom of Eldberg (level 17)
Head into the tavern near the notice board, where you'll be accosted by some uppity Skelligers with a low opinion of "continentals." Another Skelliger named Jorund will defuse the situation, then offer to talk about the contract. Indulge him and he'll tell you about their troubles. Mysterious fog, a lighthouse, wraiths... typical stuff for a Witcher. Haggle for more money (or not) then accept the quest.

Before you leave, be sure to talk to the Innkeeper, as he not only plays Gwent, but he sells the "Thaler" Card, the "Crone: Whispess" Card, the "Fiend" Card, and an "Arachas" Card. All of these cards are pretty decent-the "Crone: Whispess" is a 6 Strength Close Combat Unit Card with the "Muster" ability, while the "Arachas" is a 4 Strength Close Combat Unit Card with the "Muster" Ability. "Thaler" is the second best "Spy" card in the game, with a 1 Strength score, he's a great addition to the Northern Kingdoms deck. The weakest of the bunch, the "Fiend" is still a 6 Strength Close Combat Unit Card, if you need the extra muscle.

Return north and either sail to the northernmost of the three islands north of Arinbjorn, or do your best to make your way across broken bridges that used to connect the islands. Dock the boat on a jetty along the southern end of the island, then head north along a road. Geralt will shortly reach the fog and comment on its obviously supernatural nature. Head into the fog and fight off some Wraiths (level fifteen) when they appear, continuing north as you do so. There are two bodies you can investigate on the road, but they reveal little. Make your way north until you find a house east of the road and knock on the door. Mikkjal, the lightkeeper will open the door and tell you what little he knows before giving you a key to the lighthouse.

Objective	Reward
For checking in on Mikkjal	25 XP
Note: If you want to grind Wraiths, this is a good place to do it. They'll respawn around Mikkjal's house-two to the south and two to the north-each time you rest. Wraiths often drop Infused Dust, Specter Dust, Amethyst Dust, and Emerald Dust. Much of this dust sells well, and Infused Dust can be used to create Glyphs.

Continue north along the road and deeper into the fog, where you'll have to fend off another pair of Wraiths (level fifteen). A short distance alter you'll find the "Eldberg Lighthouse" a short distance away from the actual structure. Head across a wooden bridge and up some wooden stairs to enter the lighthouse. Loot the first level, then climb a ladder to the second. Search some furniture to the north to find a "Letter to the Lighthouse Keeper." Read it to find out about Mikkjal's dark secret, then leave the lighthouse and search the exterior along the stairs to identify what haunts this place-and why. Seems like we're going to have to have another chat with Mikkjal.

Objective	Reward
For discovering the nature of the Phantom of Eldberg	25 XP
Be sure to have Specter Oil applied to your blade, then return to Mikkjal's house and talk to the dishonest lighthouse operator. He'll make up an award-winningly lame excuse for his actions, then try to cower out of doing the right thing. Geralt convince him to go, and, as Mikkjal predicted the Penitent shows up and attacks. Geralt decides to hold the wraith's attention while Mikkjal goes to light the lighthouse, giving him some good incentive, in the process.

The Penitent is highly resistant to damage at first, so just use Quen and try to stay away from it. Once in a while it'll split into a quartet of Wraiths (level fifteen) which you can dispatch. Repeat the process of wasting the Penitent's time and slaying its lesser Wraiths until the lighthouse is lit (at which point Geralt will comment on the matter) then kill the Penitiet, which fights identically to normal Wraiths. Once it's banished, loot it for the sword Ashrune and the Wraith Trophy. After you claim your trophy, Mikkjal will come check on the situation. Decide whether to let him stay around, or force him to leave the island.

Head to the Eldberg Lighthouse signpost and fast-travel back to the Arinbjorn, then head into the tavern and talk to Jorund, and proclaim a job well done. Jorund grants you your coin, and all is well. As you go to leave, however, the two rude Skelligers from before will return and try to pick a fight. Whatever you say, a fight ensues-with Jorund supporting you. As you and Jorund gain the upper hand, however, the two miscreant will resort to steel. Respond in kind, then check on Jorund. When you're done talking to Jorund you'll find yourself embroiled in the quest "Stranger in a Strange Land."

Objective	Reward
For slaying the Penitent	260 XP
184 Crowns
Leave the tavern and you'll be confronted by some angry Skelligers, including the father of the two thugs you slew. After threatening to take Geralt down through sheer weight of numbers (and presumably not begin willing to test that, bluff or not) Geralt submits to be incarcerated, waiting the judgement of "Madman Lugos."

Objective	Reward
For submitting to the citizens of Arinbjorn	XP Varies
Working for Madman Lugos
Well... we didn't make it very far in our quest to sail around the north of Skellige. In fact, we're now in the dungeon of Kaer Muire, stronghold of Jarl "Madman" Lugos." We're farther away than when we started! But we did get a few things done, and scored a bit of loot, so it wasn't all a loss.

Stranger in a Strange Land (level 12)
Head to the gate to talk to the guard. Geralt naively asks when his trial date is, and the guard gives us a time-table that's just... unacceptable. Nothing you say can persuade the guard, but fortunately, a Witcher has other means... either use Axii on the guard, or end the conversation and talk to a man at the opposite end of the cave called Simun Brambling, who will promise that you'll get out of here today, one way or another. He'll tell you what you need to say to get the guard to let you have your trial today-but you'll owe him a favor later.

Either way, you'll be taken to your trial, where Leif-the father of the thugs you killed-is advocating for your demise. Say what you will-the trial is a sham. The Jarl will sentence you, then offer a way out, then provide the way out for you... in exchange for a favor. Another Skelliger extorting us into help him, and another Jarl whose idiot kid has run off and now needs rescuing. The quest "Stranger in a Strange Land" ends, and the quest "The Cave of Dreams" begins.

Objective	Reward
For surviving Skellige politics	XP Varies
Kaer Muire/Holmstein's Port
Well, while we're here, we might as well explore the place, right? On the grounds of Kaer Muire you'll find a Smith an an Armorer, who both play Gwent, as well as offering typical merchant services. Leave Kaer Muire and follow the winding road to the west until you come across a notice board. Near here you'll find Mathios. Might as well hand him "Holger Blackhand's Horn" while we're here. He'll lament the death of the thieves, but will pay up, nonetheless. If you follow the winding road west you'll find "Holmstein's Port," where there's precious little to see. There's a Merchant north of the signpost that will play Gwent and do business, but aside from that, there's little to recommend this place.

Objective	Reward
For returning the horn to Mathios	XP Varies
20 Crowns
Might as well help out the Jarl's son since we're down here (been an awful lot of "might as wells" in this part of the guide, hasn't there?) Oh well. The Jarl's idiot son is to the south-east. If you go by land you'll have to fight or avoid an Armored Arachas (level twenty-six) and some Endrega Drones (level twenty), which shouldn't be too much trouble. There also might be some White Wolves (level fifteen) along the way. A simple enough journal... on the other hand, the location is coastal, and there's far more to see and loot if we sail there (and go a bit out of the way while doing so.) Who knows? Maybe we'll have better luck sailing to our destination this time than last time?

Smuggler's Cache(s) (levels 13 and 16)
Sail north-west from Holmstein's Port to find a Smuggler's Cargo event. Another similar event can be found south and slightly west. Both are guarded by Sirines (level thirteen), but there are only two chests in the southern of the two. Sacrilige! Anyways, a third Smuggler's Cache event can be found to the south-east, complete with Ekhidna (level sixteen) defenders. A fourth such event is north of an island to the south-west, where you'll find more Sirines (level thirteen). Unlike the previous two events, though, there are three chests here. Hooray...

Spoils of War
For an ever-so-slight change of pace sail south-east to the southern side of an island, where you'll find a "Spoils of War" event. At the location, dive off your boat and swim underwater to find a chest near a small sunken ship.

Smuggler's Cache/Hidden Treasure (level 13)
Sail east to find another Smuggler's Cache event along the western side of an island, then sail to the southern side of the island to find a "Hidden Treasure" event. Deal with some Sirines (level thirteen), then dive near a capsized ship, near (south of) which you'll find several corpses, crates, and, most importantly, a chest.

Smuggler's Cache (level 13)
Return to your boat and pilot it north-east to find an abandoned longboat floating aimlessly. When you approach you'll discover another "Smuggler's Cache" event, and you'll notice that the boat isn't entirely abandoned-it now houses a number of Sirine Nests. Sadly, these can't be destroyed, but it's just as well-this boat won't float forever. Kill the Sirines flying around (level thirteen) and loot the chests floating around.

Cave of Dreams (level 14)
That's enough looting for now-sail to shore or walk there, if you skipped the sailing and approach some Skelligers sitting on the shore near a boat. An uppity one rudely questions Geralt. Either use Axii to convince him to let you past (for bonus experience) or just pick one of the other two dialogue options to get past. Board the boat and talk to Blueboy Lugos, who is no more friendly than his crewmates were. Convince him to take you into the Cave of Dreams with you and say you're ready to go and you-and Lugos's best warriors-will head into the cave... after some proper introductions, of course, and a description of why the place is called the "Cave of Dreams."

Objective	Reward
For using Axii on Lugos's crewmate	40 XP
Venture into the cave with your hardy Skellige pals and drop down a ledge, where four Nekker Wariors (level fourteen) lurk. Kill them, then Geralt and the Skelligers will examine a totem and talk about the next phase of their plan. concede, and after the effects of the concoction kick in, you'll be ready to face your "dreams."

Objective	Reward
For going on a ride	XP Varies
Once you're good and hallucinating venture north to witness a shared vision, then continue up either passage to the north-east or north-west, they both lead to the same place. In an out-of-place court you'll find some specters. When you approach, Uve's nightmare will play out, and the specters (level fourteen) attack. Despite being ghosts, they fight like humans... and spectral shields are just as good as real ones. Cut them down and some rocks will move out of your way to the south-west.

Objective	Reward
For surviving Uve Jabberjaw's dream	XP Varies
Continue south-west until you find another silly apparition in the tunnel to the south-west. If you keep going that direction, you'll find another Skelliger's dream, this time being beset by a pair of spectral Sirines (level thirteen). You should be well-versed in killing these beasties by now, and, if you did any of the optional exploration along the way, you've certainly fought off more than a pair of them before.

Objective	Reward
For surviving the Sirine dream	XP Varies
Go north-west and some rocks will lower out of your way. Continue in that direction to find another totem, just after Geralt voices his concerns. Approach it and Lugos will meet his nightmare-a rather mundane one, but something many can probably relate to. Defeat the spirit that haunts him (it's on fire, and will pass that status on to you, but it does paltry damage compared to the Ifrit we fought earlier) and continue uphill to the north-west.

Objective	Reward
For surviving Blueboy Lugos's dream	XP Varies
Drop down a ledge to reach the snowy site of Geralt's nightmare, which is predictable enough. Defeat two Hounds of the Wild Hunt (level thirteen), then attack their master. After a bit of fighting Geralt will collapse, only to be woken up later by Lugos. If you asked for money he'll be rude to you (even though you were extorted into this in the first place)... or at least, he'll say he will, but he doesn't actually pay you. Now who doesn't have any honor? Oh well. This ends "Cave of Dreams."

Objective	Reward
For surviving your own dream	XP Varies
Note: All this wandering around might have seemed frivolous, but it did have a purpose... honest. Okay, maybe we did a bit more than we needed to, but if you completed either "Possession" or "The Lord of Undvik" before this quest, it would have complicated matters. Best that we deal with it now.

Even though Blueboy Lugos might have stiffed us, there's still treasure to be gained. Loot some skeletons in the chamber you wake up in, then head north-west to find two chests, a sack, and a skeleton to loot. Two more corpses lie in the eastern tunnel, but they're not nearly as lucrative. When done, head up a ramp to the south and leave the cave. Hmm... seems a bit smaller when you're not intoxicated...

Finishing Up Eastern Skellige
Guarded Treasure (level 17)
We've come this far-we might as well explore the rest of the peninsula. Besides, it can be quite lucrative to do so. Head south-east along the shore, your goal being the south-eastern most tip of the peninsula. Along the way you'll have to deal with some Mudnixers (level fifteen) and White Wolves (level fifteen), just stay away from the mountain, as a Forktail (level thirty) flies around up there. At the end of the peninsula you'll find Elverum Lighthouse, which is guarded by some Ekhidna (level seventeen). Kill them and head up the nearby lighthouse, where, on the third floor you'll find a treasure chest.

Superior Griffin Silver Sword
From the lighthouse head south-west to find a cave entrance near the shore. Kill a Bear (level sixteen), then enter the cave, heading north then turn west and go up some stairs. Follow the tunnel west until you're forced to turn north again. When this path ends turn west and head down some stairs to reach a chamber occupied by a large sarcophagus. Dispatch a Wraith (level twenty-three) provoked by your presence, then find two chests along the western end of the room, one of which contains the Diagram: Superior Griffin Silver Sword. At level twenty-two, it's not a bad upgrade for us right now, if you kept your Enhanced Griffin Silver Sword.

Guarded Treasure (level 19)
There's another Guarded Treasure worth getting, but it'll take a bit of running. Return to the Elverun Lighthouse and follow a road rest of it (running west). It'll turn north-westish in direction before reaching a fork, at which point head north along a road that runs along the eastern shore of the peninsula. In a small inlet you'll find a recess, above which lurk some Sirines (level thirteen) and an Ekhidna (level nineteen). Kill them and loot a chest in their seaside recess.

Bandit Camp (level 17)
Return to the road and follow it north to reach Fyresdal again, from which you should fast-travel back to Holmstein's Port. Leave the town and head north-west where, just past a crossroads, south-est of the road, you'll find a Bandit Camp. Kill the Bandits (levels fourteen and seventeen) then loot a chest near the campfire.

Guarded Treasure (level 21)
Head west to reach the coast, which you should then follow to the north-west for quite a distance. Along the way, dispatch (or avoid) a Bear (level twelve) and just about every White wolf (level fifteen) on Skellige. Eventually you'll find a Cyclops (level twenty-one) near its lair. Kill the aberration, then loot a chest in its den.

Abandoned Site (level 13)
East of here you'll find a road running north-south, which you can follow North to Arinbjorn. Take a road leading west from Arinbjorn to find and Abandoned Site... or so the game calls it. The horde of Bandits (levels twelve and thirteen) would probably disagree. Kill the squatters to ensure this site becomes inhabited by a more productive sort of Skelliger, including a Merchant.

Objective	Reward
For liberating the Abandoned Site	170 XP
50 Crowns
Place of Power
From the Abandoned Site head south-east to find the abandoned town of Fornhala. It's more than just a signpost, though-there's plenty of loot to be found in and around the buildings here, some of it quite valuable. Loot and exit via a road to the south. As you navigate the winding mountain road you should spot a Place of Power off the road to the west. You'll have to leap some ledges to reach the isolated peak the Place of Power is on, but it's well worth a bit of jumping to gain one free ability point.

Diagram: Enhanced Ursine Boots
Once you've drawn from the Place of Power, return to the road, then head west, below and around the Place of Power. You should find a cave entrance north-west of the Place of Power. Enter the cave and eventually you'll come across three aggressively flatulent Trolls (level sixteen). Put them down, then loot east of their campfire to find a chest. South of their campfire, near some logs, you'll find a chest containing the Diagram: Enhanced Ursine Boots. More lootable containers can be found to the west, and further south.

Guarded Treasure (level 19)
Return to Fornhala and head north-east from the town to find a lake. There's no path to follow-just pick your way down the hillside to find the lake, which is protected by a Cockatrice (level twenty). Along some hills north of the lake you'll find a Guarded Treasure event-kill the lurking Ekhidna (level nineteen) then look a corpse to find-among other things-a "Short Letter." There's also a container next to the corpse.

Mastercrafted Griffin Silver Sword
Head back south to return to the lake, which you should cross to reach the eastern end of the lake. Here you can find Find a ruined tower near a Guarded Treasure event. Don't provoke the Werewolves (level thirty-two) near the Guarded Treasure and head into the tower, where you'll find a chest containing the Diagram: Mastercrafted Griffin Silver Sword. Nice. That'll end this leg of our trip-there's one more event to the south-east, along the eastern edge of the lake, but it's guarded by Werewolves.

Sailing to the Whale Graveyard
Smuggler's Cache(s) (levels 13 and 16)
Return to Arinbjorn and commandeer a boat (there's usually one north of the town, or one along the southern end of the island upon which Eldberg Lighthouse is located)... or swim. Either way, make your way west of Arinbjorn to find a Smuggler Cache event. Another one-guarded by Ekhidna (level sixteen) can be found to the north-west. We'll find a third Smuggler's Cache west and slightly south of the jetty along the southern end of the island upon which the Eldberg Lighthouse is, which is guarded by a flock of Sirines (level thirteen). A fourth is to the north, also guarded by Sirines (level thirteen).

Smuggler's Cache(s) (level 16)
Another host of Smuggler's Caches can be found east of the Eldberg Lighthouse Isles, the first of which is east and slightly north of the relevant signpost. Here you'll encounter several Ekhidna (level sixteen) instead of the usual Sirines. To the north-west is another Smuggler's Cache with the same foes flying (or swimming) about. A third lies to the north-east, a fourth is to the north-west, and a fifth is north-east of there... that's right. Zig-zag and score loot.

Hidden Treasure (level 18)
Back to the south-west is a small island we passed, which is north and slightly west of the Eldeberg Lighthouse island. Stop your boat nearby and swim to it to find that it's occupied by a quartet of Drowners (level eighteen). Climb a ledge and loot a chest to claim the treasure.

Smuggler's Cache (level 13)
Our next destination is a larger (but still fairly small) island to the north-east. Between this smaller island that one you'll find a Smuggler's Cache near an abandoned longboat now serving as a floating Sirine nest. Kill some Sirines (level thirteen) then loot the floating chests.

Spoils of War (level 16)/Hidden Treasure (level 18)
Sail north-east to reach the island and search the southern coast of the island to find a half-submerged ship. Kill the Ekhidna (level sixteen) flying around, then swim down to the ship. Along the western side of the wreck you'll find a whole you can swim in. Loot a container in the interior of the ship, then return to your ship. Sail to the north-western end of the island where, along the coast you'll find some Drowners (level eighteen). Kill them and search for a ledge you can climb to the east. Scale it to find a chest worth looting near a campsite.

Smuggler's Cache (level 13)/Spoils of War (level 18)
Board your boat and pilot it to the north-east to find a standard Smuggler's Cache event, guarded by several Sirines (level thirteen). Once you've looted the chests, sail back south-east to reach the northern point of the island on which Kaer Trolde is built, where you'll find a "Spoils of War" event. At least it's not another "Smuggler's Cache," right? Disembark and dive into the water to find a ship in a ravine, east of which is a chest. Kill the Drowners (level eighteen) swimming around, then loot the chest.

Smuggler's Cache(s) (levels 16 and 18)
Return to the boat and sail north-east to find... another Smuggler's Cache. Ah well... you know the drill. These three chests are guarded by Drowners (level eighteen). To the north and south of here isanother Smuggler's Cache guarded by some Ekhidna (level sixteen), while to the south-east is a Smuggler's Cache guarded by more Drowners (level eighteen).

Crime and Punishment (level 18)
Sail south and slightly east to find an alcove where you'll find an "Ancient Crypt" signpost. Might as well grab it to make it easier to come back her later. Continue sailing east along the northern coast of Skellige, where, on a coastal outcropping east of the "Ancient Crypt" signpost you'll find a chained prisoner named Yorg, who is beset by Harpies (level eighteen). Kill the flying pests, then talk to Yorg, who will claim that he's been framed for murder. If you free him he'll thank you, and promise to return the favor at a later date.

Objective	Reward
For rescuing Yorg	10 XP
Smuggler's Cache(s) (levels 13 and 18)
Return to the water, ye salty dog, and make your way to the north-east to find a Smuggler's Cache guarded by Drowners (level eighteen). Another nearly identical event can be found to the south-east, while a third such event-this time guarded by Sirines (level thirteen) is to the north-east. Three more Smuggler's Cache events can be found in a line, with the first (western-most) one to the north-east. The first one is guarded by Drowners (level eighteen) while the last two are protected by Sirines (level thirteen).

Bandit Camp (level 16)/Smuggler's Cache (level 18)
From the third (eastern-most) of this northern chain of Smuggler's Caches (just west of a small island) sail south-west to find a larger (but still rather small) island. Along the western coast of this island you'll find a Bandit Camp, populated by... well, Bandits (levels twelve, thirteen, and sixteen), of course. Kill them and loot some chests under a shelter, then set out to sea again. West of the island you'll find another Smuggler's Cache populated by Drowners (level eighteen).

Smuggler's Cache (level 13)/Guarded Treasure (level 16)
East and slightly north of here-a fair distance off-you'll find a pair of islands. Along the western edge of the larger, southern island you'll find a Smuggler's Cache event near an abandoned ship of continental origin. Scatter the Sirines (level thirteen) polluting the air, then loot the chests. Sail between the two islands and land on the northern shore of the southern island to find a Guarded Treasure event. Kill the Bear (level sixteen) then loot a corpse.

Smuggler's Cache(s) (levels 13 and 18)
South and slightly west of these two islands is an atoll, noteworthy only as a landmark... although some Sirines (level thirteen) do lurk in the watery interior of the atoll. South-west of the atoll you'll find a triangular assortment of Smuggler's Caches consisting of three events in a line running to the west, and one event to the south. These caches are guarded by the usual assortment of Drowners (level eighteen) and Sirines (level thirteen). North-west of the western-most points of this triangle are four more Smuggler's Caches with Drowner (level eighteen) protectors.

Bandit Camp (level 14)
Loot and pillage these eight Smuggler's Cache events, then, from the north-western most of them, sail further north-west to reach the north-eastern coast of Ard Skellig, where a Bandits Camp event can be found. Kill the Pirates (levels twelve to fourteen), who aren't isolated to just the area around the map marker. South of the Bandit Camp event you'll find the "Giant's Toes" signpost, while at the Bandit Camp marker you'll find a chest to loot just south of the campsite.

Superior Griffin Gear
Continue north from the Bandit Camp and venture along the coast until you find another group of Bandits (level twenty-four) near a camp. Kill them, then search along the western cliffs to find a chest nestled on a boat, behind some rocks. Inside said chest you'll find the following Diagram: Superior Griffin Armor, Diagram: Superior Griffin Gauntlets, Diagram: Superior Griffin Trousers and the Diagram: Superior Griffin Boots.

The Family Blade (level 15)
Return south to-and past-the "Giant's Toes" signpost. Along the coast you'll have to dispatch some Drowners (level eighteen) near some beached ships. Continue south to reach the Whale Graveyard, where you'll find a variety of Bandits (level twelve). Kill and loot them to find another "Thief's Journal" and the sword "Kuliu."

Finally, we've chased down this sword! Grab it and head to the nearby "Whale Graveyard" signpost and fast travel back to the "Kaer Trolde Harbor" signpost, then make your way towards the keep. On the covered bridge running over the harbor you'll find Olaf. Talk to him and hand over the sword to finally, mercifully, end this quest.

Objective	Reward
For returning the sword Kuliu to its owner	XP Varies
20 Crowns
While you're in Kaer Trolde... might as well also continue onto the keep and talk to the Blacksmith. Show him the letter you found at the site of the Cyclops attack to complete the quest "Hard Times."

Objective	Reward
For delivering the letter to the Blacksmith at Kaer Trolde	25 XP
20 Crowns


Skellige (Continued)
Dealing with Druids
We've chased down pretty much every side quest and free form quest in the western part of Ard Skellig... not to mention all the loot we pulled out of the water. Sure, we did it under flimsy pretenses, but you can't argue with the results.

Practicum in Advanced Alchemy (level 24)
Fast-travel back to the "Whale Graveyard" and head along a trail to the south-west until you reach a cave, outside of which you'll find Gremist, the master alchemist who is the subject of the quest "Practicum in Advanced Alchemy". Well... While we're here... Go talk to him. He's reluctant about teaching you the formulae he struggled and sacrificed for, but if you persist he'll come around and offer to teach you-if you perform three tasks for him. Agree and... well... the tasks are to get him some rare spirit, a pimpernel, and convince the druid Frijof to preform a ritual for him. Seems simple enough. Agree and the next round of Skellige exploration will begin.

Ruined Inn
Don't worry. This won't be nearly as involved as the last quest we ran around half of Skellige for. But it will be far more lucrative. Fast-travel back to Fyresdal and follow a road out of town to the south-east to find the "Ruined Inn"-the location and the map marker. Near here you'll find a Monster Nest and a Hidden Treasure event. Kill the Sirines (level thirteen) then blow up their nest. Once that's done, head into the building west of the signpost and loot a chest to the north-west to find a "Letter". Loot the rest of the building and read the letter to update the quest "Bound by Blood". Head south-west to find a large, wrecked ship along the shallows, which will have a Sirine (level thirteen) or two guarding it. Find a chest along the eastern side of the ship the complete this quest.

Diagram: Ursine Steel Sword
Return to the Ruined Inn and head north from the signpost to find a collapsed house. Along the northern end of the ruins, search for some rubble blocking some stairs down, then blast it with Aard. Head downstairs and kill two Wraiths (level twenty), then grab the "Arrest Warrant for the Witcher Gerd" from the wall to the south. Go through the doorway to the east to find a chest, which contains an "Innkep's Notes" and the Diagram: Ursine Steel Sword. Nice.

The Distillery
Head north from the Ruined Inn and go through a pass-our first destination, the distillery, is to the east, but we'll have to approach from the north to get there. Continue north until you can make your way east along the lower reaches of the mountain, straddling the forest and mountain as go. Eventually you'll come across a trail leading south up the mountain. Follow it and you'll eventually reach the distillery, which is now the stomping grounds of a trio of Alghouls (level twenty-three). Kill them and loot the ruins to the north, then head down some stairs to the south-east, then south-west to find the "Distillery" signpost.

Cross a bridge and turn north to enter a cave, wherein you'll find a Cyclops (level twenty-one). Nothing we haven't handled before-kill it and search its home to score a few crates full of meager loot. When done, head up into a structure in the south-eastern corner of the chamber and loot around here, too. Search the beds for a "Distiller's Letter" and a "Distiller's Log". The former contains the following relevant information about the brewing process:

Put the mash in the evaporator.
Light the fire under the evaporator.
Cool the condenser. FIRST turn the right lever, then the left. NOT the other way around.
Simple enough. Head to the northern end of the room and climb a ladder, then use your Witcher Senses to highlight a a jar of Mash. Return to the ground floor and head east to find a machine into which you can place the Mash. Do so, then when Geralt prompts you, hit it with Igni. When prompted again, hit it with Aard. Head further east to find two levers-pull the right (eastern) one first, then the left (western) one. Once done loot a barrel to claim the "Skellige Spirit" that Gremist wants.

Objective	Reward
For brewing some Skellige Spirit	80 XP
Prudes and Pimpernel
Leave the Distillery-and the mountain-and follow the trail... generally to the north-west. Eventually it'll bisect another road running more or less east-west. You want to follow this new road east, being wary of White Wolves (level fifteen) that lurk about. Your destination is north of this road, so keep an eye on your quest marker and head to the search area. Once there, activate your Witcher Senses and spot some pimpernel, which, unfortunately, has already been harvested. Search it and a druid will approach and tell you of some difficulties Gremist has been inflicting upon some other prospective students.

Agree to go with the druid in search of his wayward companion then follow some tracks to the south-hoofed biped tracks. Haven't we seen this before? Eventually the tracks will lead to a road, where you'll find a grave. Investigate it and the druid will identify the corpse. Kill an Armored Arachas (level twenty-six) nearby. Once the giant bug is smote continue south along the road to find more hoofed tracks, which will shortly be joined by normal, human prints.

Eventually you'll find the wayward druid and his monstrous companion... which, if you guess Succubus, you were correct! Ramund insists his new friend is harmless, and the Succubus makes a plausible case for her innocence. Either be a good Witcher and exterminate the monster, or be a good person and don't condemn a possibly innocent sapient being. In the former case, you'll have to put down the Succubus (level twenty-five)-who is fond of fire spells-after which Ramund will be quite upset. If you refuse to kill her, the druid will get annoyed and stomp off, vowing to return later.

Follow a scent trail-and a more traditional trail-to the east (or the Succubus, if you spared her) to find a cave. Head to the southern end of the cave and take the pimpernel you need.

Objective	Reward
For obtaining a pimpernel	80 XP
Taken as a Lass - Part 1 (Level 25)
Time to go after our last ingredient. Head north down a slope (sliding down carefully, of course) until you reach a some flatlands. From here head east to reach the shore, then swim south to find an alcove. Swim to shore-past a boat and jetty-to find a Warrior fending off a group of Pirates (level twenty-five). Kill the Pirates and talk to the Warrior, who will talk about his abducted sister, and ask you to help look for her. Agree to help to start the quest "Taken as a Lass."

Objective	Reward
For helping the Warrior fend off the Pirates	50 XP
The Sad Tale of the Grossbart Brothers (level 26)
Take the Warrior's boat and sale south along to coast until you find the "Grotto" signpost. What we're really looking for is the signpost outside, with which we can fast-travel to our destination, but while we're here... head inside the grotto and pop a Cat-it's pretty dark in here, after all. Score a chest in the water in the main cavern, then climb onto the rocks to the north-east.

Head north into a tunnel to find your friend Djenge Frett, who asked you to help him hunt down the notorious Grossbart Brothers. When you approach he'll ask you if you're still game for some light bounty hunting. Confirm and follow him into a chamber to the south-west, where the vile threesome lurks. Apply some Hanged Man's Venom to your Steel Sword before you engage the brothers to make this already easy fight even easier, and put the three vagrants (level twenty-six) down. When you're done, Djenge (if he survived) will ask if you want to do more work together, and offer Geralt declines. Loot their chamber, including the chest just west of some bedding which contains the Diagram: Enhanced Ursine Armor. Score. Return to the north-eastern chamber, then follow it north, as there are several containers to loot in here. Especially be sure to explore the slope in the north-western corner of the chamber to find a lucrative chest.

Objective	Reward
For putting an end to the Grossbart Brothers	25 XP
50 Crowns
Making it Rain
Leave the cave and fast-travel to Blandare, then head over to a cluster of houses to the north-west of the signpost, where you'll find the druid we're looking for. Of course, he's got a problem of his own he needs to resolve before he can help you-and it's a problem that, fortunately for us-a sword can help with. Agree to help him and follow him a short distance to a shrine, where he'll start his ritual. Fend off several waves of Foglets (level twenty-three) and afterwards the druid will spin the Foglet menace positively and agree to go see Gremist.

Objective	Reward
For helping Fritjof summon rain	80 XP
Return to the "Blandare" signpost and fast-travel to the Whale Graveyard. Follow the trail to the south-west to find Gremist again, who is in his hobbit-hole, hanging out with Fritjof. Talk to your new master and he'll promptly kick you out to perform his ritual. Rest for a day, then head back inside the cave to discover that the "ritual" and all the materials and effort that went into it served a rather mundane purpose. You'll be invited to study with the two, after which this quest ends.

Objective	Reward
For helping Gremist perform his ritual	
80 XP
5 Sulfer
5 Alcohest
5 Han Fiber
5 Saltpeter

The reward might seem rather underwhelming, but if you talk to Gremist again, you'll be able to finally peruse his wares. He sells just about every potions, oil and bomb diagram/formula in the game, as well as other, generally useful alchmecial formulae, so if you have holes in your knowledge (and want to put some in your pocket) you've got plenty to buy.

Shock Therapy (level 24)
Buy what you will, then leave Gremist's cave and head south-east along a trail until it forks, at which point follow a faint trail uphill to the south-west to find the "Gedyneith" signpost. From the signpost head west to find the great oak that draws such devotion. North of this tree, in a ravine in front of a cave you'll find a druid, who seems most eager to speak to a Witcher. Talk to him and he'll tell you of his troubles, which seems to be work not really worthy of a Witcher's attention. But... he promises us an "excellent" Gwent card, so... we're hired!

Head north-west to find a "Taciturn Druid." If you'll talk to him, you'll find out that this name is more appropriate than his given name. Geralt will have to harass this poor, incommunicado druid in various ways to continue the quest. When he's warming himself at a campfire, extinguish the flames. When he's sitting on a rock near a bee's nest, blast it with Aard to provoke the insects. When he goes to sleep, use Aard to rattle a collection of pans. Once you've done all three the druid will find his voice again, and use it against you. After he's done whining go back to the druid who gave you the quest, and he'll pay up, as promised. The excellent Gwent card happens to be Iorveth-a 10 Strength Ranged Combat Unit Hero Card for the Scoia'tael deck.

Objective	Reward
For restoring Egill's voice	75 XP
Iorveth Card
Abandoned Sawmill (level 24)
West of the "Gedyneith" signpost you'll find... another "Gedyneith" signpost. Kind of redundant, but... okay. From the western of the two signpost head south-west and slide down some hills to find the "Abandoned Sawmill"-the signpost, the location AND the quest. This quest should be well within our means, so let's search the village, from east to west. In the eastern-most house you'll find a chest which contains a "Lumberjack's Letter to his Wife." Take it, read it and head into the next house over, where you'll find some "Sawmill Owner's Notes" lying on some stonework. Read that and head to the open structure to the west, south of which you'll find some bones. Search them then move onto the next house. Blast the door down with Aard and search a chest inside to find a "Letter from a Druide." Once you've collected enough evidence a Leshen (level twenty-four) will show up. Kill it and the quest will end.

Objective	Reward
For learning the fate of the lumberjacks	50 XP
Echoes of Gwent
We've now done most everything we can do on Ard Skellig at this level without advancing the main story or helping Crach. Time we got around to looking for Ciri again. From the "Abandoned Sawmill" signpost head south-east through the woods. Be wary, however, as you'll come across Endrega Drones (level twenty) and perhaps a Venomous Arachas (level thirty-one) if you're unlucky. Discretion is the better part of valor in this case.

Echoes of the Past (level 13)
When you near the objective marker you'll discover the "Druid's Camp" signpost and witness Ermion engaged in a shouting match with Yennefer. Shortly you'll be dragged into the argument, Ermion indulges in a tirade, and Yennefer slips off and commits some mischief while Geralt and Ermion talk. Follow Ermion a bit (applying some Necrophage Oil to your Silver Sword isn't a bad idea) and when he begins casting a spell, continue to the south-west to find Yennefer.

Fend off some Foglets (level seventeen) and Geralt will talk to Yennefer, who gives Geralt the mask. Complain or not, but Geralt will eventually concede. Follow Yennefer to the south-east and when she instructs, put on the mask [R1] to witness a scene. After some chatter, follow Yennefer further to the south-east and kill another Foglet (level seventeen). When prompted put the mask back on to witness another scene. Travel south-east a third time, kill another Foglet, and don the mask again to learn what happened to Ciri. Further south-east you'll need to use the mask a fourth time to see what happened to Ciri's friend.

Geralt and Yennefer will discuss what they've seen, only to be interrupted by Ermion. After he's done complaining, Geralt will tell him what they've learned. Head south and Yennefer will lift a tree, revealing the nature of Ciri's assailants. After even more discussion the next destination will be settled upon-you can either meet Yennefer there on your own time, or get her to teleport you there.

Objective	Reward
For using the Mask of Ouroboros to see the past	XP Varies
Gwent: Skellige Style
For Geralt's sake... and for the sake of our Gwent deck, decline to travel with Yennefer and talk to Ermion. Challenge him to a round of Gwent, then defeat his surprisingly mediocre Monster deck. For your victory, he'll give you the "Leshen" Card, a 10 Strength Ranged Combat Unit Hero Card for Monster decks. He'll then recommend you play Crach and Gremist.

Objective	Reward
For defeating Ermion at Gwent	25 XP
Leshen Card
Place of Power
We just happen to know those two characters, so why not seek them out and augment our decks further? Return north to the Druid's Camp, and from there head east to find a Place of Power. Draw from it to get Geralt another ability point, then fast-travel back to the "Bridge to Kaer Trolde" signpost.

You'll find Crach in his keep. Challenge him to a game of Gwent and you'll discover that if what Ermion said about "the student surpassing the teacher" was true, it's not by much as Crach also has a fairly weak Monster deck. Crush him and he'll yield the "Draug" Card, a 10 Strength Close Combat Unit Hero Card for the Monster deck. He'll also suggest you track down and play a tailor named Sjusta, who just happens to live in town.

Objective	Reward
For defeating Crach at Gwent	25 XP
Draug Card
Fast-travel to the "Kaer Trolde Harbor" signpost and head north to find the tailor's shop, which you might be familiar with from the quest "The King is Dead - Long Live the King." In any event, his shop is just east of the tavern. Challenge him to a game of Gwent and he'll field a Northern Kingdoms deck, for a change of pace. He's capable of fielding "Commander's Horn" cards and perhaps a few unit cards with the "Muster" ability, but otherwise, he's no dangerous. Count on him to counter any build-ups of Siege Unit cards with his leader ability, however. Defeat him and he'll fork over the "Yaevinn" card, a 6 Strength Scoia'tael card with the "Agile" ability. Yeah, not really anything special...

Objective	Reward
For defeating Sjusta at Gwent	25 XP
Yaevinn Card
Our next target is our good master Gremist, and if anybody deserves to lose a card, it's him. Fast-travel to the "Gedyneith" signpost and head north to reach his dwelling. Call Gremist a chicken and he'll agree to play Gwent with you. His Nilfgaardian deck, like all the other quest-related Skelliger decks you've seen, is nothing special. He is fond of using weather cards, but those became largely obsolete a long time ago. Thrash him and he'll hand over "Avallac'h" card... which is just a fantastic card for every deck. It's a 0 Strength Close Combat Unit Hero Card with the "Spy" ability, which you've certain seen played against you by now. Now it's yours to abuse. He'll also suggest your next victim-Madman Lugos.

Objective	Reward
For defeating Gremist at Gwent	25 XP
Avallac'h Card
Fast-travel to Kaer Muire and head inside Madman Lugos's paltry keep. Find the nutter and challenge him to a game of Gwent-he'll offer up his "Vampire: Katakan" as the prize for victory. He'll play another unimpressive Monster deck. He's got some Hero Cards, and will pull out a "Scorch", but otherwise, it's nothing to worry over. When you win he'll live up to his end of the bargain and give you the promised vampire-a 5 Strength Close Combat Unit Card with the "Muster" ability. He'll also throw in the "Emhyr var Emreis, the White Flame" Leader Card, which cancels out opposing enemy Leader Cards. This completes "Gwent: Skellige Style."

Objective	Reward
For defeating Madman Lugos	25 XP
Vampire: Katakan Card
Emhyr var Emreis, the White Flame Card
Hindarsfjall
Well, that was a fun Gwent break, but now it's back to business. Fast-travel back to the Whale Graveyard, fight off whatever Drowners (level eighteen) may have respawned) and commandeer a boat. You destination is Hindarsfjall, which is east and slightly south of here.

Taken as a Lass - Part 2 (level 25)
Sail around to the southern end of the island, though, to find a beach ship along a small island (there are three islands off the south-western coast of Hindarsfjall-this is the eastern-most of the three). Kill the Ekhidna (level nineteen) flying around and search the ship to find a chest, which contains a chest, which in turn holds the "Notes of a Pirate." Reading it provides a lead in the quest "Taken as a Lass." East of the ship, along the northern shore of the island, you'll find some corpses and evidence of medicine used to treat them.

Missing Persons (level 15)
Swim or sail to the north-east, where, on the shore of an inlet, you'll find Yennefer. After she complains you'll follow her to the town of Lofoten. Head north into the village and interrupt whatever ritual the villagers are performing by asking them about the Wild Hunt, which they claim destroyed their village. After getting some positive identification of Ciri, Yennefer and Geralt will be disappointed in learning that some cursed man named "Craven" might know more... but he left on a suicide mission to fight a monster named Morkvarg. Ask about this Morkvarg to learn a bit more about him, then gain permission to enter the holy grounds. Follow Yennefer out a gate to the north, then east along a road, then north again along a river to reach Freya's Garden to complete the quest "Missing Persons."

Nameless (level 14)
Yennefer and Geralt will spot Morkvarg through a gate, after which follow Yennfer up some stairs and along a walkway to eventually reach the sacred tree. After some banter, Geralt and Yennefer come to the fair division of labor that sees him do all the work. She, for her part, will do her best to stay out of the way. Activate your Witcher Senses and examine some of Craven's blood, then a hole in the ground. You can follow the trail to the south-east and wander around the garden... or you can just head north under some vine-covered arches and drop down a ledge to reach some stairs. Dispatch some Wolves (level fifteen), then investigate a gate to surmise that Craven must have fled through it and barred the way.

Return south-east and scale a ledge to return to the sacred oak, then continue south-east and drop down another ledge-this one north of the walkway you and Yennefer walked on earlier. Once you've dropped down, head through a gate to the north-east, kill another Wolf (level fourteen) and continue north-east. Drop down a ledge, cross a bridge, then scale a wall to the north to find some sluice control levers. Activate the right (northern) lever first, then the left (southern) lever. When the sluice gate raises, head back down to the bridge, drop into the canal, and swim to the north-west.

Climb a ledge then ascend a ladder built into the stone. Continue north-west until you find some stairs leading down to the south-west. Here you'll find the other side of the closed gate that confounded us earlier. Activate your Witcher Senses and study a trail leading to a well, and Geralt will surmise what happened. Before you jump down, there's an encounter we can witness. Head north-east to find a building with a door that was violently rent open. Investigate the door, then head inside the building and search some corpses, then search a chained, severed leg on the floor. Morkvarg will show up and, if you wish, you can listen to his story. Once he's done telling it, he'll attack, and like the women in the village promised, he can't be permanently killed. Beat him into submission, then follow Craven's lead and leap into the well.

Scale a ledge to the south-east to exit the water, then follow Craven's blood south, then east, to find his body. Before you search it, grab the "Key to Freya's Garden" off a corpse to the north, which opens the nearby door. Once you have the key, search the body. Geralt will tell Yennefer about his find, and Geralt resigns himself to a wretched task. Once back in the grove with Yennefer, she'll use some... controversial magic to learn more about Ciri.

The Calm Before the Storm
When you're in control of Ciri, engage in some conversation with Skjall, after which you'll be interrupted by Astrid, who has decided you need to spend some time at a sauna to recover your strength. Follow Astrid out of the house and to the spa, where you'll have to head into a changing room to... well, change your clothes. Undress, then either wrap yourself in a towel or go to the sauna as-is. Follow Astrid into the shower where she and her mother will talk to you. If you didn't bring a towel, they'll ask Ciri about a tattoo she has... but it's all pretty meaningless conversation.

Agree to take a dip in the water and after you escape from the mindless babbling you'll notice that Ciri's health has replenished somewhat. This is the first time in the game where she didn't heal on her own-injuries and all. Go through a door to the south-east and jump into the water to futher increase your health. When your health bar is done refilling, climb back out of the water and walk across the wooden walkway to find a platter of "Freya's Firewater" near a tree. Drink some and your health will fill up the rest of the way. Return to the sauna, enter the changing room, put your clothes on and leave.

Once outside the sauna head south-west to find the stables, where Skjall has prepared a horse for you. As Ciri you can engage in some flirtatious behaviour, if you wish, but whatever you do it'll be interrupted by Ciri's usual pursuers. Fight off some Hounds of the Wild Hunt (level twelve) and some Wild Hunt Warriors (level fourteen) until Skjall prompts you to flee. The two of you will mount up, and you'll have to ride along a road, dodging the attacks of Hounds of the Wild Hunt as you ride. Reach the shore and you'll see what happened to Ciri, and what Skjall witnessed afterwards...

After Yennefer ends her spell, her and Geralt will chat. Before you can leave, however, the village women show up, understandably upset at what happened to their garden. Yennefer still make an unusually altruistic move and take the blame for the both of you and you'll leave the garden, after which Geralt and Yennefer will talk about about what they discovered and make some more plans. This ends the quest "Nameless," and begins "The Last Wish," "A Mysterious Passenger" and "Ugly Baby."

Objective	Reward
For finding out what Skjall knew of Ciri	XP Varies
Guarded Treasure (level 16)
Yennefer wants to meet in Larvik next, and this gives us a great excuse to explore more of Hindarsfjall. From Freya's Garden head south-west to find a Guarded Treasure event between the roads leading to the aforementioned garden. Kill a Wraith (level sixteen) and loot a chest to complete this event.

Once done, head north-east to find a search area south-east of Freya's Garden. Here you'll find Josta, who doesn't tell you anything about Morkvarg that she didn't already tell us earlier. More interestingly you'll find Kurisu here, the Skellige Warrior's sister whom is the object of the quest "Taken as a Lass." Listen to her story to complete the quest. You can also do business with a Freya Priestess, for what that's worth.

Objective	Reward
For learning the fate of Kurisu	75 XP
Abandoned Site (level 15)
Leave the temple and head to Lofoten, where, if you got here quickly enough, you can actually loot the Wild Hunt foes that you dispatched as Ciri earlier. Score. Leave Lofoten via a gate to the south, and follow a road to the south-east, passing the "Lofoten Cemetery" signpost along the way. Follow the meandering road and cross a bridge, continuing on the road until you find an Abandoned Site and an "Isolated Hut" signpost. Kill the prowling white Wolves (level fifteen) and populace will move back in, including a Merchant.

Objective	Reward
For liberating the Abandoned Site	170 XP
50 Crowns
Abandoned Site (level 13)
Continue south-east along the road until it forks, at which point take the northern-most of the two roads to find another Abandoned Site near the "Lurthen" signpost. Kill the Harpies (level thirteen) flying around and good, honestly, ground-dwelling folk will return.

Objective	Reward
For liberating the Abandoned Site	170 XP
50 Crowns
Leave the no-longer Abandoned Site via a road leading east, then take the first road to the north you find, following it until you reach Larvik. Here you'll find a Merchant, an Innkeep, and an Armorer-all of whom play Gwent, should you still need some random cards. Search the notice board outside of the tavern and pick up the contracts "Contract: Monster on the High Road" and "Race for Modron Freya's Glory" to start the quests "Contract: Strange Beast" and "The Heroes' Pursuits: For the Goddess' Glory!" respectively.

Larvik and The Last Wish
The Last Wish (level 15)
Now that we're done with that, let's go see what Yennefer needs and be done with her quests for now. Head into the tavern in Larvik, where you'll find Yennefer along the eastern end of the building. Talk to her and you'll find out that Yennefer is still fixated on taming a Djinn, an obsession she's had for as long as Geralt's known her. Despite it being a bad idea, agree to help her. Besides, we need Yennefer's help, and keeping her happy is part of that. So choosing between an unhappy Yennefer with a tamed Djinn at her disposal... well, just try to ignore all the other possible bad options.

Follow Yennefer out of Larvik's western gate, the north down a hill to the coast, where you'll find her ship. More chatter will ensue, and Yennefer will cast a spell to help us in our search. It's pretty obvious who's getting wet here, and who is staying dry. Board the ship and sit opposite of Yennefer, and she'll sail you out to see, babbling as she does so. When she discovers a ship underwater, she'll cast a spell to help you with your free-diving.

Dive off the boat and swim to the sea floor to find a sunken ship in a ravine. Swim into the ravine and shoot down some Drowners (level eighteen) then, after Yennefer telepathically bothers you, swim west into a cavern. Loot two chests and a shell, then use your Witcher Senses to highlight some boats, then investigate them to find out this isn't the right ship wreck. Surface, board Yennefer's boat, and sit back down for her to sail you to the next wreck.

Exit the boat and swim north again and dive when you reach the search area to find another submerged ship. Loot some containers, then activate your Witcher Senses and search a buckler near the mast and some arrows in the hull of the eastern end of the boat to rule out this wreck, too.

Yennefer will sail you around again until she reaches another ship wreck in the atoll we used as a landmark during out maritime exploration earlier. Jump off the boat and swim east, klling a few Sirines (level thirteen) as you go. Keep diving as you swim east and Geralt will find what appears to be a massive underwater crater. After Yennefer violates you magically, she'll confirm this as a place of interest. Dive to the bottom of the crater where you'll find a boat. Activate your Witcher Senses and loot various containers around the wreck, then search an object lying on the sea floor near the ship to find a "Broken Seal." Surface and present the Broken Seal to Yennefer, who will use it to perform some more magic-much to Geralt's chagrin.

Objective	Reward
For locating the Broken Seal	XP Varies
After the teleportation, Geralt will question Yennefer's motives, and this time she'll be forthcoming. Respond how you wish to her rather personal motivations, then head east to find the rest of the ship. Head onto the ship and enter the cabin, where you'll find some containers to loot and some false leads. Head east and go down some stairs where you'll find more chests to loot, and a few books. Search some boots to reveal a blood trail, then examine the blood trail, and finally search the book shelf the blood trail leads to. Geralt makes a horrible pun and finds the second piece of the seal.

Apply some Elementa Oil to your Silver Sword... you know, just in case... then head back up to the deck above the cabin. When you approach Yennefer will work some more magic and summon the Djinn, who, as she predicted, is none too happy. To defeat the amorphous puff-ball, intermittently casting Quen to protect yourself from its magical attacks as you hack away at it. When it falls, Yennefer will force the Djinn to do her bidding, then free the beast.

Geralt and Yennefer will take a break to rest and chat. Yennefer will pour her heart out to you, and you'll get the choice to turn her down (and commit to a romance with her) or turn her down. Make your choice, but be careful not to profess your love to one sorceress too many... It might have unintended consequences. After some more magic Yennefer and Geralt will make some more plans concerning Ciri.

Objective	Reward
For wishing away the last wish	XP Varies
Back in Kaer Trolde
You're now back in Yennefer's room in the Kaer Trolde tavern. Now's as good a time as any to help out Crach's children and settle the succession issue in Skellige... but first, if you held on the Crystal Skull from the beginning of the game, you can give it to Yennefer, which is worth some experience. Leave Yennefer's room and Talk to a Skelliger named Tante sitting at the table to learn more of Undvik and Hjalmar to update the quest "The Lord of Undvik."

Objective	Reward
For giving Yennefer the Crystal Skull	50 XP
An Unpaid Debt (level 15)
After learning a bit from the Skelligers leave the tavern. We could head off after Crach's kids... But first, we may have a debt to repay... if you got help from a fellow prisoner to escape from Lugos' dungeon, he'll be waiting outside the tavern. Talk to him and he'll tell you he's here to collect. He's not forthcoming with the details, however. If you don't agree to help him, he'll make a veiled threat. If you do agree to help him... he'll make a veiled threat anyways, but tell you to meet him near Blandare.

Fast travel to Blandare... or the Crossroads, or Rannvaig. The hut Simun wants to meet at isn't terribly close to either of them. There's a lake north-west of Blandare-the hut is on the eastern coast of said lake. Meet Simun Brambling there and he'll command you to do a bit of dirty work. Either do the honorably dishonorable thing and do as Simun commands, or do the dishonorably honorable thing and turn on Simun.

Objective	Reward
For doing the honorable thing	XP Varies
Possession
Yennefer has been appeased, we've got one lead on Ciri, and we're no longer in debt. We've only got a few things left to do in Skellige-help Crach's children, chase down Hammond for Lambert, and perhaps, if we have time to spare, collect some more Witcher set diagrams. We'll also try to work some Gwent cards into the mix, too. First, let's deal with Crach's kids.

Svorlag
Our first destination is Svorlag, which is an island north-west of Ard Skellig. Either sail or fast-travel there, as your means and disposition allows-there's loot that can be pulled out of the water in the former case, but for the sake of focus, we'll save that for later.

Once you make it to town... well, time for the typical town stuff. A Blacksmith, a Mercant and an Innkeep all play Gwent... if you haven't already obtained every random card in the game, you have to be getting close by now. The Innkeep in Svorlag also sells an "Ice Giant" Card, an "Arachas" Card, the "Vampire: Ekimmara" Card, and a "Foglet" Card. Both the "Arachas" and the "Vampire: Ekimmara" Cards are worthy additions to a Monster deck due to their "Muster" ability. Also be sure to grab the notice "Contract: Nils' Disapperance" to start the quest "Contract: Here Comes the Groom", which we'll deal with later.

Possession (level 17)
When you're done messing around in Svolag enter a building south of the tavern to find the Jarl's house. After chatting to some guards outside and waiting for the Jarl to conclude some business, Geralt will try to pry some information out of the Jarl, who seems like he's in no shape to provide any coherent answers.

Leave the Jarl's house and return to the village, where you can ask a Skelliger Woman about Cerys. She can't get you directly to Cerys, but she'll point you to two people named Bergthora and Eiric, who might know more. A Fisherman nearby is a dead-end, so go talk to Bergthora, who is uphill to the north. After possibly gossiping about other Spikerogg girls, she'll give you more defintive directions than the Skelliger Woman did, saying that Cerys was with Eiric.

Head to the northern shore of Spikerogg, where you'll find a Skelliger trapped on a rock by some Drowners (level seventeen). Kill them and the Skelliger will come down and claim an unearned share of the credit for the demise of the Drowners. Let him have it, or not, then ask about Cerys to find out that she was apparently interested in Spikerogg's Jarl, and that she went to the Jarl's old family home.

Objective	Reward
For being saved by Eiric	XP Varies
The Jarl's old family home is to the south-west, which you can reach by following a trail uphill, scaling some ledges and leaping some gaps, or you can make your way back south to Svorlag and head uphill along a road to the north-west. Either way, enter the front door and Geralt will immediately spot something amiss. Activate your Witcher Senses and find some tracks near the front door, then follow them to the south-west. Go through a door to the north-west and grab a "Key to Cellar" from atop a stone ledge then loot a chest and leave the room. Follow the trail to the south-west then turn north-west to find Cerys.

After you recover her, the two will talk. Cerys will tell a story about Jarl Udalryk, a family dispute involving a sword, a mysterious death in the family that implicates the Jarl, and visions that might be something more sinister than the influence of the gods.

Return to the house and, with the "Key to Cellar" in hand, open a trap door in the north-eastern corner of the main room, then climb down a ladder to reach the cellar. You'll find the sword in question-Brokvar-on a table. Take it, and a shadowy image will appear on the wall.

Objective	Reward
For obtaining Brokvar	XP Varies
Climb back to daylight and talk to Cerys, then follow her to the Jarl's house. She'll babble about your relationship with her dad along the way. When you near the Jarl's house she'll make an unfortunate observation about Yennefer. Talk to the Jarl, who has, in our absence, made another "sacrifice" to the "gods". Geralt will tell the Jarl the probable truth behind his visions, and suggest a course of action. The superstitious Jarl disagrees, but not enough to dissuade Geralt... especially with the aid of Hjort.

Hidden Treasure: Not Only Eagles Dare (level 10)
Head east to reach the shore, then swim along the coast to the south-east. Along the way you'll find a series of small islands where Drowners (level fifteen) prowl. Find the largest of these small islands to the east, where a small ruined ship is beached. Near a stone jutting out of the water you'll find a corpse, on which is a "Note" and a "Key With Ring Attached," which starts the quest "Not Only Eagles Dare." Read the Note then loot a nearby chest. Swim to the south-east to find a search area, then find a chest just west of the center of the search area. Loot it to complete this even, then swim east to find Aki's body.

Place Brokvar with Aki's remains, then return to Jarl Udalryk's house. Unfortunately, it doesn't seem like our efforts have paid off, as the Udalryk's voices have, if anything, become more malicious in our absence, to Udalyrk's misfortune. Question the Jarl further to learn more about the "gods" and how they communicate with him. After learning all Geralt can from the Jarl, he'll talk to Cerys in private and tell Cerys the truth of the Jarl's affliction, and describe two possible solutions-trick it and lure it to a new victim, or draw the creature out and kill it-and their possible short-comings. Cerys leans towards attempting to trick the Hym first, and if you choose to get right to work, you'll save yourself a bit of walking.

Walk to the Jarl's old home... or instantly travel there with Cerys, depending on how you ended the conversation with her. Enter the house and activate your Witcher Senses. Investigate the oven along the south-western wall, then head into the room where we found the key. The Hym will try to perform a sneaky illusion to discourage Geralt, but Geralt simply views this as a good sign. Search some boards to the north-west, then head into another room to the south-west and search a cradle.

Cerys will call to you, so head outside the house and talk to her. She'll suggest that she has a plan, but, as Geralt told her, he can't be in on the plan. You'll either have to trust Cerys and comply with whatever horrible thing she's got concocted, or decline. The latter option forces you to handle the Hym in the good old-fashioned Witcher's Way, as does failing to trick the Hym later. If you opt out of trickery (or fail at it) continue the quest by following the text under the heading "The Witcher's Way." Otherwise, keep reading the text under the heading "Tricking the Hym."

Tricking the Hym
Agree to Cerys' plan. The watchword for the rest of this quest is trust. Trust Cerys at every turn, do what she says, and you should be fine. Agree to get started and she'll send you on a mundane errand while she runs off. Shortly she'll return with a possession rather deal to the Jarl, with the Jarl and some of his soldiers in tow. You'll get a timed decision-do what Cerys says, or wuss out. If you do what Cerys says, fight off three Warriors (level seventeen) and witness the payoff of Cerys' ruse. If you chicken out... well, Cerys will be upset, and you'll have to continue with "The Witcher's Way."

Objective	Reward
For tricking the Hym	XP Varies
Crystalized Essence
The Witcher's Way
Travel with Cerys to Udalyrk and tell him about your goal. Hjort will fetch the materials you need, after which you'll need to return to the Jarl's old house and place the torches in sconces located around the Jarls house (which will highlight with your Witcher Senses active).

Place the torches, then head outside and talk to Udalyrk, either explaining to him what will happen in more detail, or leaving him in the dark... figuratively, anyways. Head back into the house with Udalyrk and apply some Specter Oil to your Silver Sword, then light the torches, after which the Hym will arrive. It's a pretty easy opponent-use the "Rule-of-Three" again-three Strong Attacks with the Silver Sword, then dodge. If the Jarl freaks out during the fight, calm him with Axii. Repeat until the Hym flees. Head down into the cellar, where the Hym will have recovered to half its life. Repeat the process above to kill it, at which point you'll get some Crystalized Essence. Search the body for some typical specter loot, then return upstairs and tell Udalyrk and Cerys the good news.

Objective	Reward
For killing the Hym	XP Varies
Crystalized Essence
Time to move on. We can quest around Spikerogg now, if you wish, including pillaging the nearby sea-especially all the events between Spikerogg and Undvik. Otherwise, it's time to help Crach's other child, Hjalmar.

The Lord of Undvik
Undvik is due south of Spikerogg. Unlike what the Skelligers in Kaer Trolde's tavern told you, it's not so treacherous of a journey-there are some Sirines (level thirteen) you'll have to deal with along the way, but otherwise, it's a simple enough sail. When you approach the island you'll gain an experience reward. Land on the shore and make your way to a bay on the north-eastern edge of the island, where you'll find Marlin Coast, which will provide us easy access to and from the island, as needed.

Objective	Reward
For reaching Undvik	XP Varies
Loot the jetty and houses near the "Marlin Coast" signpost for various goodies, then follow the road north-west. It's intermittently broken by water, but it shouldn't be too hard to follow. Kill some khidna (level nineteen) along the way and eventually you'll find a wrecked longship across the road. If you search near it, you can find a discarded shield belonging to Crach's clan. Well, at least we know Hjalmar made it.

Guarded Treasure (level 13)
Continue north-west until you find a Guarded Treasure event just off the shore to the west. The guardians in question are a flock of Sirines (level thirteen). Exterminate them, then head to a small rocky island to find the chest they were guarding.

Return to the "Marlin Coast" signpost and follow a road leading away from the coast to the south-west. Even you reach a fork, head down into a watery ravine to the south-east, where you'll find some corpses and a treasure chest to loot. Climb some ledges to the norht and return to the road, which you should follow... more or less west. Cross a rickety bridge and loot some roadside supplies-and identify the corpse of another Clan an Craite explorer. Keep your Witcher Senses on to spot the signs of a litter being dragged, then follow the road as it veers north, where you'll eventually witness a symbiotic relationship between monsters.

After the giant leaves, head south and kill some Sirines (level fifteen), then turn east and climb into the ship. where you'll find a man named Octo. Talking to him to learn that... he's not quite right in the head, but given what he's been through, that's not surprising. He'll talk about the giant and also tell you that he saw Hjalmar and his crew-and they were in bad shape.

Leave the ship and head south-west. When the road turns west, follow it until you find a fork. Continue west to find Hjalmar's camp. Activate your Witcher Senses and investigate the bodies. You'll also find tracks leading along one road to the west, while a trail leads along another road to the south.

Head south first, following the trail until you reach the northern shore of a large lake. Search a body near the shore, then investigate a boat nearby. Dispatch some Wraiths (level sixteen) that show up, then continue south to find the "Urskar" signpost. Ignore the carnage lying around-we merely came here for the signpost, which will make getting back here easier.

Tracking the Runaways
Backtrack north to Hjalmar's abandoned campsite, then follow the tracks along the road to the north-west, and follow the road-and the tracks-as the road turns south. Drop off a ledge to the south, investigate a dead Nekker, then follow the tracks to the west until you find two more dead Nekkers, which display the prowess of the rogue Skelligers. Search more tracks to reveal the next section of trail, then follow them to the north-west to find the "Abandoned Village" signpost, then examine an arrow-riddle log the tracks lead to.

Investigate the tracks near the log to uncover more of the track, and follow it north, examining some blood on and near a rock as you go. Another bloody rock can be found further along the tracks, and eventually the foot trail gives way to intermittent blood pools. Find a corpse leaning against a barrel, then pick up the "Hornwall Horn" nearby. Examine some mixed footprints to the north to surmise that the archer was taken into the nearby cave.

Ice Troll's Cave
Head north to find a cave "Entrance." Climb a ledge and go inside, following a new blood pool to the north, then, to the north-west when the path splits. Slay an Ice Troll (level nineteen) in the cavern beyond, then continue west to find another Ice Troll for your killing pleasure. Backtrack east to where we fought the first troll, then continue north.

When you reach a fork you can head north-east to fight a third Ice Troll (level nineteen) on some icy ledges outside the cave. Backtrack inside the caves to the fork, then continue north-west, following the blood trail. Scale a ledge to the north and follow the passage beyond to the west, then north to reach the Troll's main chamber. Geralt, as it happens, interrupted them in the middle of cooking a meal. Their dinner betrays them by shouting out, leaving you with the option of challenging the Trolls to a game for their meal, or just fighting them. In the first case, answer their first question with "A Troll," after which Geralt asks his own riddle, which the daft Trolls fail to guess. If you win their game, the Trolls live up to their end of the bargain. If you pick a fight, kill the three Ice Trolls (level eighteen) and head up to their cauldron to free their meal.

Either way, you and the Skelliger will leave the cave. You can tell him about Cerys, and he'll tell you about their ill-fated adventure to Undvik, how he ended up in a Troll's stew pot, and where he thinks Hjalmar is. After you're done talking, Folan will decide to follow you around as you search for Hjalmar. Return south to the "Abandoned Village" signpost and fast-travel to the "Urskar" signpost.

Objective	Reward
For rescuing Folan	XP Varies
Searching for Hjalmar's Crew
Search near the signpost to discover more bodies, then follow a trail south, then south-east uphill until you find a cave. Head south first, following the trail until you reach a large lake to the south. Search a body near the shop, then investigate a boat nearby. Dispatch some Wraiths (level sixteen) that show up, then continue south to find the "Urskar" signpost. Search near the signpost to discover more bodies, then follow a trail south, then south-east uphill until you find a cave.

Enter the cave and continue south-west until you reach a ledge, off which you'll need to perform a leap of faith. Do so, then swim south-west to reach dry land and slay two pesky Eriynas (level thirteen). Pop a Cat Potion before you continue to explore, as it's awfully dark down here, and we'll be in these caves a bit.

To the west you'll find some containers to loot, and a corpse and a chest in a dead-end pool the the west. At the north-eastern end of the chamber you'll find some land on which rests the bodies of a warrior and a Sirine. Scale some ledges to the north-east, loot some containers, cross a bridge, and examine more bodies-both beast and man.

Climb up some more ledges to the south, cross another bridge, and follow the linear path south, then south-west, then south again to enter into a large chamber. To the south is a subterranean tree around which Harpies (level thirteen) swarm. Kill the flying nuisances, then return north and follow the cliff edge west to find some scaffolding leading down into the watery depths of the chamber. Reach the stalagmite-riddled water, most of which is just deep enough to swim-and swim to the south-eastern end of the chamber, where, behind a large stalagmite, you'll find a chest with generally exceptional loot inside.

Return back to the north-west and climb the scaffolding to return to the dry, northern end of the cavern, then continue north-east to find more scaffolding you'll have to climb. Investigate another very dead Harpy, then climb a ladder to reach more caves. Yay... Turn south-east and score a chest, then head up to the north-east to find two Devourers (level thirteen), which are somewhat more powerful Rotfiends. Kill them and loot their remains for Devourer Blood, which is a useful alchemical component required to craft many high-end potions and oils.

At the nearby fork, head north-west first to find a chest, sack, and barrel to loot, then backtrack and take the north-eastern fork. Kill another pair of Devourers (level thirteen) the search the corpse of another Harpy. At another fork, head south-west to loot another chest and two more barrels, then backtrack to the fork and head north-east, to reach daylight.

Master Armorers (level 24)
When you surface you'll find the "Clan Tordarroch Forge" signpost, which is a welcome discovery. Before we mess around with the building to the east, though, let's take a short-but profitable diversion. Head north from the signpost to find a road leading west into a cave, which is occupied by a Rock Troll (level twenty-six). Kill it and loot a chest to find some "High-Quality Smithing Tools" and the Silver Sword Deithwen. These tools should allow Fergus to craft whatever armor our imaginations come up with.

Rescuing Hjalmar
But first, we've got to rescue Hjalmar. Backtrack to the signpost and head around east to the northern side of the building to find a door, then head inside to discover the giant's gruesome pantry, dispelling any question as to what the beast was feeding the Sirines earlier. Head east and dispatch some Devourers (level seventeen). If you go through a doorway to the north you can examine a corpse to get Geralt to comment on the Necrophage's being lured by death, and if you go through a door to the south you'll find a room full of human bones. They, and some containers, can all be looted.

Head through a hole in the wall to the north and examine some tracks, then follow the trail to the north-east to reach a fork in the path. You should notice that the footprints leading north-east are much larger-probably belonging to the Giant, while the smaller ones to the north-west offer a better chance of belonging to Hjalmar. Head long the road to the north-west. It'll eventually run along the lake to the north, then turn norht-east and lead to the village of Dorve, where you'll find Hjalmar fending off some Harpies (level thirteen).

After the fighting Geralt, Hjalmar, and Folan (if he's still with you) will chat. Despite the disasters they've met with so far, Hjalmar shows no signs of quitting... determination and stupidity are two sides of the same coin. Before you follow them to the giants lairs, return to the village's western entrance, near the signpost. Inside the village, search north of the gate to find a skeleton, on which is an "Old Key" and a "Mysterious Map." Grabbing these starts the quest "Ruins, Hidden Treasure, You Know..."

Note: You can find piles of boards in various spots throughout the village which contain Nails. These Nails are listed as quest items, and obtaining them will satisfy Octo's request for Nails and Twine (you'll have to provide the latter yourself). Grab some of these Nails and bring them to Octo for a reward... or not. He'll be gone after the giant is slain, however.

Objective	Reward
For bringing Octo some Nails and Twine	XP Varies
Geralt the Giantslayer
We'll get to that later. For now, follow Hjalmar through the village to the southern hills where the Giant makes its lair. When you approach the cave entrance Geralt and Hjalmar will indulge in some menial labor to clear a path. Once done, head inside the cave, traveling south-west, then north-west when stalagmites block the path. Drop down a ledge to the north, then follow the tunnel as it wraps around to the west, where you'll spot the sleeping giant.

A captured Skelliger will call out to you, and you'll have to decide whether you want to try rescuing him without waking the giant. If you don't, Vigi will end up waking the giant, and during the fight, he'll be killed. That being the case... we might as well try to free Vigi. To do this, agree to free him, then find the key. You'll have to stay off the snow as you walk, so head south on the stone to find a chest to the east of the sleeping giant, which contains a "Key to Vigi's Cage." Return north with the key in hand and free Vigi from his crude cage. As soon as he's out, he'll stupidly provoke the giant and start a fight.

Objective	Reward
For freeing Vigi	XP Varies
Either way, a fight begins. At first the Ice Giant has only its fists, but once reduced to three quarters of its health it'll head to recover an anchor (killing Vigi in the process if you didn't free him) which it wields like a flail. It's not too hard of a foe-just use Quen to protect yourself and hack away at the giant until it falls. Afterwards Hjalmar will talk to you and offer you the title of "Geralt the Giantslayer." Accept it or say it belongs to him, then decline to accompany Hjalmar back to shore... we're got a few more things to do on the island, first.

Objective	Reward
For killing the Ice Giant	
XP Varies
Mastercrafted Silver Sword

For rescuing both of Crach's children	XP Varies


Skellige (Continued)
Ruins, Hidden Treasure, You Know... (level 18)
Loot the giant and its cave, then leave and return to Dorve. You can search the village for piles of boards lying around, which contain the Nails that Octo wants. What we're really after, though, is the treasure mentioned in the letter we picked up earlier. Head along a trail north-east of Dorve until you find some ruins, which are guarded by some Sirines (level thirteen). Kill them, then head through a doorway into a ruined tower, then scale a ledge to the north-west and climb a ladder. Here you'll find a monster nest you can't deal with, a chest. Looting it completes the quest "Ruins, Hidden Treasure, You Know..."

Treasure Hunt: Shortcut (level 13)
Return to the "Dorve Ruins" signpost and fast-travel to Urksar. From here head north to reach the northern shore of the lake, then follow the shore east. Loot a chest under a roof, then continue east until you find a cave entrance. Enter the cave and score a chest, then continue out another exit and head north-east along the shore to find a "Hidden Treasure" event. Kill some Bandits (level twelve) then loot a sack on their boat, which contains a "Torn Piece of Paper." Picking up the "Torn Piece of Paper" will start the quest "Shortcut." Read it and head south-west into the lake, diving when you reach a search area. You'll find a boat underwater, which contains a chest. Loot it for some goodies, then surface.

King's Gambit (level 18)
We rescued both of Crach's children, so we might as well go collect our reward. Fast-travel to the "Bridge to Kaer Trolde" signpost and head to the keep, where you'll discover that the wrangling for succession has already begun. Because of Geralt's help, however, he's an honored guest at these proceedings, and who turns down a free meal? Follow Arnvald into the main hall, and as you walk he'll express his concerns about the event.

When you reach the main hall you'll witness some sibling rivalry. Talk to Hjalmar afterwards, then head to Crach's room to collect your reward. Near the room you'll run into Bran's widow, Birna, who is somewhat biased about her political preferences. After chatting with her a bit, you'll take to Crach. Chat him up and he'll talk about his own political ideals, as well as talk about the strengths and weaknesses of his two children. Ask about your reward, and he'll give you a gift most befitting a Witcher. Afterwards you'll hear a commotion from the great hall, and the two will rush off to investigate.

Objective	Reward
For claiming your reward from Crach	XP Varies
Fate
Put down three Bears (level sixteen) which are terrorizing the feast, after which grief and accusations will reign. Fortunately, calmer heads prevail, and a course of action is set upon. It's up to Crach and his clan, as hosts, to seek out and punish this transgression. You can choose to opt out of helping, which completes the quest by leaving it up to Clan an Craite to deal with their own problems... or you can lend them a helping hand. Hjalmar wants to rush out and punish those whom he presumes to be guilty, even without confirmation, while Cerys wants to gain evidence, first. Pick one of the two siblings-preferably whichever one you think would make a better ruler of Skellige.

Objective	Reward
For killing the bears	XP Varies
Spoilers!: If you opt out of this quest by leaving it up to Clan an Craite to investigate the incident at the party, Svanrige Bran-son of the late king Bran and his widow, Birna-will become king of Skellige. Otherwise, the new king-or queen-will be whomever you back during this quest, either Hjalmar or Cerys. Backing one of Crach's kids can prove helpful during the quest "The Battle of Kaer Morhen," and of course, the long-term effects on Skellige this decision has is obviously pretty significant.

Hjalmar's Fury
Geralt and Hjalmar will ride to the village of Fornhala, where Hjalmar tells you of his suspects-the Vildkaarls. Talk to him and he'll continue to be a hot-headed Skellige traditionalist. An eye for an eye... simple, but effective, if you pluck out the right eye. Apply some Cursed Oil to your blade then head up to the village. Hjalamar will point out a corpse to you, and sic his Witcher bloodhound-that's you-on it.

This town is full of lootable containers, so keep your loot googles on as you search around. Activate your Witcher Senses and head up some stairs to the south, then, when you reach a fork, head west to find a grisly shrine. Inspect some clothes, then examine a corpse. Finally check out the shrine, which Hjalmar will identify as belonging to a god named "Svalblod," a god which was too brutal for even the Skelligers.

After the chatter follow a scent trail to the south-west, then up some stairs to the south-east. Examine a corpse then follow some tracks which eventually lead to a house along the southern end of the village. Head inside, where you can find some tattoo dyes, bloody gloves, and some mushrooms. Follow the trail west to find a trap door hidden under a bearskin rug. Climb down a ladder and head down some stairs, then continue south, then east to reach a chamber.

Objective	Reward
For finding the Vildkaarls' den	XP Varies
When you enter the chamber a Berserker named Halgrim will speak to you, and claim partial responsibility for what happened at Kaer Trolde. This conversation is bound to be short, as both Hjalmar and Halgrim have no taste for sustained chatter. Defeat Halgrim (level seventeen) and he'll pull a transformation trick. Put this form of Halgrim down, too, then after Geralt exchanges some words with Hjalmar head south and climb a ledge to go further into the caves.

Continue south and drop down a ledge until you find a chamber where more berserkers are performing a ritual. After witnessing how baby Vildkaarls are made, head south-east, the south before climbing a ledge to the west. Continue north-west, then north to reach the ritual chamber, where you'll encounter the Druid who led the ritual. He'll admit to the attacks at Kaer Trolde, but decides to risk fighting a Witcher rather than telling who he was working for. In the fight that ensues you'll have face the Druid-Artis (level eighteen) who will summon Bears (level eighteen) to aid him. Ignore the Bears and focus on Artis. He'll attack with his staff, both physically and magically, but if you Strong Attack-then dodge, and repeat that combo, there's little he can do against you.

When he dies Geralt will find a letter, which reveals that Cerys' approach might have been wiser. We broke the tool, but the hand that wielded it is still at large. Still, blood vengeance was all that was required to restore Clan An Craite's honor, and blood has been spilled in that pursuit. Hjalmar will return to Kaer Trolde and report his findings. Although the masterminds weren't found, Hjalmar's actions restored his clan's honor. So ends "King's Gambit," skip down to "Coronation" to conclude this quest line.

Objective	Reward
For restoring Clan An Craite's honor by implicating the Vildkaarls	XP Varies
Cerys' Vengeance
Talk to Cerys and recount the dead-Blueboy Lugos amongst them (which is why we did the quest "The Cave of Dreams" before any of this business). Geralt notes that there are only three contenders for the throne who survived-Hjalmar, Cerys, and Svanrige, and considering that this is a massive shame for Clan An Craite... well, the motives point to Svanrige. That's not enough to settle anything, though.

Note: Even after completing "The Cave of Dreams" it has a tendency to show up in the "Failed" quest section of your journal after completing this quest. Ignore it. We completed it.

Activate your Witcher Sense and examine a bear corpse to determine that it's no normal bear. Examine the bodies for more information-interesting, if not useful-then examine the large metal bowls in which mead was served. The one in the center of the room matches the scent in the bear's mouth, a scent Geralt can now follow. Follow the scent trail north to find a drinking horn to the north, near the doors, where Geralt will find the substance the mead was spiked with.

Geralt will call Cerys over, and she'll confirm that the "bears" were actually Berserkers, and suggest that we talk to Hjort about the mystery ingredients used to spike the mead. Head through the door to the east and go down stairs to find Hjort, who is praying for vengance against the traitors. Present drinking horn and he'll immediately identify the mushroom as Mardroeme.

After talking to Hjort, Cerys will decide that the mead must have been spiked before it reached the feast, and will direct our search to the cellar. Follow her back into the main hall, then go through the doors to the north, up some stairs, through a doorway to the east, then through another doorway to the north, past where the Armorer works. Go through another door to the west, down more stairs, first west, then south, then west again, finally going through a door to the south to reach the cellar. Once here, head down some stairs to the east and search some barrels along the eastern wall-the southern-most one being the correct one.

Place of Power
Once Geralt identifies it, however, somebody throws a torch down into the cellar, igniting some spilled Mahakaman Spirit, whose purpose is now all too clear. Head north and blast some stacked barrels with Aard to reveal a doorway. Head inside and continue north until you find a Place of Power. Draw from it, slurp up that lovely ability point, then follow the tunnel south-west, then south, before returning through a door to the cellar.

Loot the room you're in, then head through a door to the south-east and loot this room, too. Continue up some stairs to the south-east, then turn east and activate your Witcher Senses. Examine a broken bottle on the ground to reveal some foot prints, which you should follow back upstairs. When the trail ends, search a sconce on the wall near the stairs to find a clue that all but identifies our culprit.

Objective	Reward
For finding a key clue	XP Varies
Return to the main hall to spot Arvald riding past out of the keep. You'll automatically mount Roach. Chase him down and give him a good whack with your sword, and when Cerys catches up she'll interrogate him. He'll spout some politics very similar to what Birna believes, and hand over some letters, which will have to be good enough evidence for the Jarls-Birna had plenty of motive and opportunity enough. Geralt will go with Cerys and present their evidence to the Jarls. In the end, though, nothing you present serves as good enough evidence... but a most unexpected accuser steps in to reveal the traitor. This completes the quest "King's Gambit," skip down to "Coronation" to conclude this quest line.

Objective	Reward
For restoring Clan An Craite's honor by implicating Birna	XP Varies
Coronation (level 18)
After helping either Cerys or Hjalmar, Crach will talk to you and discuss the messy business that occurred, then speak about a new king's election being imminent. Agree to go with him to witness the Jarl's decision-and the coronation of either Cerys, or Hjalmar, depending on who you sided with during "King's Gambit."

Objective	Reward
For witnessing the crowning of a new king... or queen	XP Varies
Card Collector
Uriallia Harbor
You've successfully played kingmaker (or queenmaker) for Skellige, there's only one thing we really should do before we continue our hunt for Ciri... and it involves Gwent, so how could anybody skip it? First, though, let's collect the other Gwent cards that are still out there. Head east or west to reach one of the "Gedyneith" signposts and fast-travel to Urulla Harbor, which is on an island in the north-eastern corner of Skellige.

When you arrive at Urialla Harbor, some Skelligers will be talking about some mysterious tower, and have a typically Skelliger solution for it. When they spot you, however, they decide to call you over, and one will talk to you. Apparently a tower appeared out of nowhere, and with it, a storm. You'll be told about their ill-fated attempt to greet the tower's owner, after which accept the quest. Just arriving starts the quest "The Tower Outta Nowheres." We'll put it off for now, it being a level thirty quest, it's definitely something we can stand to come back to later.

Now for the almight Gwent haul. There's a Blacksmith and an Armorer who both play Gwent. Defeat them both if you still need the cards, then head to the tavern, which is along the north-eastern edge of town. The Innkeeper not only plays Gwent, but he also sells an "Arachas" Card, a "Werewolf" Card, and an "Elven Skirmisher" Card. Of them, the first is the best, being a 4 Strength Close Combat Unit Card with the "Muster" Ability.

Harviken
Now that we're obtained what we wanted from Uriallia Harbor, fast-travel to Harviken, which is on an island along the south-eastern edge of the Skellige map. Here you can play Gwent with a Blacksmith. Once done, head to the second building to the east to find the tavern, where you may have to meditate a while to get the lazy Innkeep to show up.

When he does, play Gwent with him, then buy the "Nekker" Card, the "Vampire: Fleder" Card, the "Harpy" Card, and the "Ghoul" Card. The only exceptional card of the bunch is the "Vampire: Fleder" Card, as it's a 4 Strength Close Combat Unit Card with the "Muster" ability... which will conspire to make all the rest of your Vampire Cards more formidable, and hence, your entire Monster deck.

Following the Thread (level 11)
Time to find Hammond for Lambert. You'll find his goons in a village built along a bay east of Harviken, on the northern shore of the island. When you approach the western gate you'll be stopped by two guards. They'll tell you that Hammond is out on a religious errand at the moment. If you respond by saying "I'll be back." You'll be free to look for Hammond on your own. If you express suspicion at this, you'll have to fight through Hammond's Dagrs (level twelve), who are more of a nuisance than a threat at this point in the game. Some of the guards will drop some "Orders from Hammond."

Either kill Hammonds men or not, then follow a road east of the village (Trottheim) and it'll take you to the shrine Hammond's praying at, which is on a hill along the south-eastern end of the island. In the latter case, you'll have to circumvent Trottheim by heading into the hills to the south, fighting off some Endrega Warriors (level eleven) as you go.

Approach the shrine to speak to Hammond, who, as one might expect, isn't the nicest of guys. Kill Hammond (level eleven) and his Warrior buddies (level eleven) then search Hammond's body for a "Nekker" Card and a "Letter Written on Elegant Stationery." Loot some chests on some broken boats near the shrine, then leave. If you haven't already, return to Trottheim and kill his goons, who will now be hostile to you.

Objective	Reward
For killing Hammond	XP Varies
With that done, it's time to return to Novigrad. Using the "Trottheim" signpost is just as good as any other, so reach it and fast-travel to the Oxenfurt Gate along the eastern side of Novigrad. Your destination is the Nowhere Inn, which is a light blue building north-east of Hierarch Square... or just east of some stairs that lead to Gildorf, which is the square that houses the notice board south of the Passiflora.

Head inside and talk to Lambert and the two Witchers will exchange information, after which you can decide to head over to Karadin's house immediately by picking the dialogue option "Let's go see Karadin." If you want to play Gwent with him immediately, however, pick "Meet you outside his house," then talk to him again as he walks away. Challenge him to a game of Gwent, and with your now phenomenal cards, victory should be all but assured over his Scoia'tael deck. Play conservatively, however, as he's got plenty of "Scorch Cards, and he would love to ruin your day with them. Beat him to claim the "Triss Merigold" Card, a 7 Strength Close Combat Unit Hero Card. Winning this card should, if you've followed the guide exactly and defeated enough random merchants, complete the quests "Gwent: Old Pals" and "Collect 'Em All," and complete your Gwent collection.

Objective	Reward
For defeating Lambert at Gwent	25 XP
Triss Merigold Card
Leave the Nowhere Inn, then head west and go up some stairs to reach Gildorf square. Karadin's house is to the south, near which you'll find Lambert. Talk to him and the two Witchers will begin to scheme, only to be interrupted in a most unexpected manner. Talk to Karadin and identify him for what he is-he'll tell you about his change of lifestyle and explain his side of the story concerning Aiden. Lambert, under the guise of "keeping his cool" allows you to do all the talking, which is just the game's lame way of making Geralt call all the shots. At length you'll get the choice to let Karadin go, or to allow Lambert to have his vengeance. After you make your choice you'll have one last chance to talk to Lambert outside of Karadin's estate as he walks away, in case you haven't won his Triss Merigold Card yet.

Objective	Reward
For confronting Karadin	XP Varies
Diagram: Eirlithrad
Lesser Triglav Runestone
Master Craftsmen
We've got the tools Fergus wants, so fast-travel back to Crow's Perch. This could very well be the first time we've been back since completing the quest "Return to Crookback Bog." If so, once you cross the bridge to town head west to find some of the Baron's thugs-or rather, the Baron's Sergeant's thugs-picking on some villagers. Stand up for them and kill the two (level eight) to earn a bit of gratitude.

Objective	Reward
For defending the peasants	XP Varies
Master Armorer (level 24) - Continued
Make your way up to Fergus, presenting to him the "High-Quality Smithing Tools" we found back in Skellige. A Nilfgaardian general will show up and complicate things, and while Fergus is away, his assistant will tell you how things really stand, and as you to get her some acid. A beast from which we can obtain such acid just happens to be preying on folk nearby. Agree to get the acid... because... well, a little detour wouldn't hurt in the long run. Especially if it allows us to craft top-tier armor.

Note: The Archgriffin terrorizing the north is part of the quest "Contract: The Griffin From the Highlands." Might as well grab the notice from the notice board with a name similar to the quest name, so you get get extra rewards.

Contract: Griffin From the Highlands (level 24)
Return to the "Crow's Perch" signpost and fast-travel to Heatherton, from which you should head east along the road. When you find a search area, activate your Witcher Senses, then follow a blood trail uphill to the north. Search a feather on the ground to make another search area appear. Apply some Hybrid Oil to your Silver Sword, then continue north to provoke the Archgriffin (level twenty-six), which fights like a typical Griffin... save it can spit acid. It does quite a bit of damage, but you should do plenty in return. Use Quen for protection, and consider a Thunderbolt Potion to boost your damage output and you should win a slug-fest. When it dies, loot it for an Archgriffin Mutagen, an Archgriffin Trophy and an Archgriffin Acid Gland.

Make your way back to Crow's Perch and present the Archgriffin Acid Gland to Yoana so she can win her little pissing contest with Fergus and gain the recognition she deserves. Give her the acid and... well, her earlier appraisal of Fergus' skills weren't too far off. Unfortunately the Nilfgaardian again decides to test things out in a rather cruel manner. Agree to help Yoana in this life ballistics test, which is carried out in a predictable fashion. Afterwards, the Nilfgaardian will give Yoana and Fergus both what they deserve, and the two patch things up.

Objective	Reward
For testing out Yoana's armor	Diagram: Mag Deira Cuirass
Take the Archgriffin Trophy to the Quartermaster to complete "Contract: Griffin From the Highlands." Once done, rest for one day, then talk to Yoana again to get the armor you were promised, which happens to be a decent suit of medium armor. Even better, it's static. The Witch Hunter's Armor you'll get has 166 Armor, 30% resistance to piercing, bludgeoning and slashing damage, and 10% resistance to monster damage and elemental damage, which... well, puts it around the level of a Superior Witcher armor set. Not the best armor in the game, but most importantly, Yoana can now serve as a master-quality craftswoman to make all that delicious armor. She'll also play Gwent with you now, for what that's worth.

Objective	Reward
For slaying the Archgriffin	25 Crowns
Tracker's Trousers
For appeasing the master armorer	Witch Hunter's Armor
Of Swords and Dumplings (level 24)
It doesn't make much sense to obtain the services of the master armorer without also getting access to a blacksmith of similar quality. Time to finally help out Hattori in Novigrad. If you forgot, he lives near the center of the docks district, east of the Eternal Fire Shrine where we met Triss during "Count Reuven's Treasure" and west of where the King of Beggars holds court.

Talk to the odd elf and he'll tell you his woes. Despite his obvious talents he's been forced out of business by a more ruthless rival willing to play the racist card. All of Novigrad seems to have that one in their decks... anyways, at length he'll ask you to escort him to a clandestine meeting where he might acquire the materials to forge again.

Haggling for Hattori
Agree to help him, then head west to reach the northern crescent of the docks district. East of the "Novigrad Docks" signpost you'll find a warehouse, outside of which you should rest until midnight. Once you're in the right place and it's night, follow Hattori south around the warehouse and through a door to meet the King of Beggar's thugs. Negotiate with them and play a hard-ass, and when they walk away you'll get a timed decision. Say "Fine, no deal." to secure your demands and a fine share for Hattori. Sadly, these successful and lucrative negotiations are broken up by Cleaver's men. Kill the dwarven thugs (level twenty-three) then flee through a door to the east with Hattori. Head north under an arch and the King of Beggar's thugs will tell you the score. Sadly, Hattori loses his nerve and bolts.

Objective	Reward
For negotiating on Hattori's behalf	XP Varies
20 Crowns
Hiring for Hattori
Return to Hattori's shop and knock on the door to have a conversation with the flighty elf, who will beg you to aid him further. Only one thing can resolve this issue, now that Cleaver's likely not too happy with Hattori, and the King of Beggars will expect something to come of this deal-Hattori needs a bodyguard. Fortunately, he has one in mind.

Head to the Golden Sturgeon to find our prospective bodyguard engaged in some fisticuffs. After you interrupt him, Sukrus will take his wrath out on you-pummel him (level twenty-five) into submission and, like any good Skelliger, a little fight only improved his disposition. Later, over a cup of mead, tell him about the job and he'll propose a favor for a favor... of course. Agree to help him and he'll tell you your destination-and the details of what he wants done.

Leave the tavern and head north along the coast, turning south onto a large dock when you get the opportunity. Follow the dock south-east to nearly the end, then board a ship to the north. Either Aard some barrels on the deck of the ship and fight off some Bandits (level twenty-three) or talk to the Trader on board and hit him with the Axii Sign.

Objective	Reward
For using the Axii Sign on the Trader	40 XP
Return to Sukrus at the Golden Sturgeon and tell him the good news, then return to Hattori... but it seems like we're not done yet. Hattori has muscle and means, but he still need more material.

Objective	Reward
For convincing Sukrus to help Hattori	XP Varies
10 Crowns
For talking to a now-protected Hattori	XP Varies
10 Crowns
Borrowing from van Hoorn
Go talk to Sukrus and tell him about the new task, then head to a meeting spot near the Golden Sturgeon-just beyond the bridge that connects the western end of the docks district to the central district. Rest until midnight again if you must, then talk to Sukrus again and he and Geralt will discuss plans.

Head north-west along the coast to find the warehouse you're looking for. The Trader you assaulted earlier will be outside complaining to the guard outside. The guard, however, has no patience for him, however, and sends him off. You get a warm welcome from the dwarf, being a friend of a friend and all (or at least, you will if said you sided with Ioverth during your interrogation by Voorhis at the beginning of the game). If that's the case, he'll let you in the warehouse for free. If not, bribe him (200 Crowns) or use the Axii Sign on him to get past.

Objective	Reward
For using the Axii Sign on the guard	40 XP
Unlock and enter the warehouse, then activate your Witcher Senses to sniff out (literally) the crates you need to mark for Sukrus and his crew. The crates in question are along the north-western wall and in the corners along the north-eastern end of the warehouse. When the three crates are marked, leave the warehouse to find you've got some company. Witness a surprising scene of brotherly comradarie, make a pointless timed dialogue decision, then fight off van Hoorn and his goons (level twenty-three). Well. If we had just done this from the start, we wouldn't have needed to have done all the other work for Hattori. Violence tends to solve things like that. Return to Hattori to find him working again. He'll give you the reward he promised-just rest a day and talk to him again to claim it. Best of all, we can now get him to craft master-quality weapons for us, which will definitely come in handy later. Be sure to purchase "Edwin Greloff's Fourth Map" from him, as it'll show you to way to the best Griffin gear in the game.

Objective	Reward
For allowing Hattori to return to his forge	Blade from the Bits

The Wild Hunt
To Kaer Morhen
Head up to the Baron's Keep. If you haven't visited since the Baron left (only possible if you killed the Ghost in the Tree) you'll get an update from the Baron's Sergeant. As bad as the Baron could be, seems the new regime is worse. Enter the keep and talk to the Baron's Sergeant again. Geralt doesn't even try to negotiate and, in the face of an inflexible and aggressive Witcher, he wisely concedes the critter to you. Go the the stable and talk to the stable master, whom Geralt convinces with the same rosy disposition he used on the sergeant.

Objective	Reward
For adopting Uma	XP Varies
Once again, however, Nilfgaardians show up to complicate things, demanding you return to Vizima. Not having much of a choice, Geralt concedes. Give your report to the Emperor, and despite our meager results, the Emperor will pay us half our reward-2000 Crowns-for what we did learn... it's still better than what he had before, after all. After we're dismissed, Geralt will talk to Yennefer, and they'll agree to meet up at Yennefer's, where we can try and lift Uma's curse.

Objective	Reward
For revealing what you learned to Emhyr	2000 Crowns
Kaer Morhen - One Week Later
Geralt-riding Roach and with Uma in tow-will make it to Kaer Morhen, after a close encounter with a Forktail. When he reaches the old keep he'll be greeted by Vesemir, and it'll shortly become abundantly clear that Yennefer already has reign of the place. A reign of terror, if you believe poor old Vesemir.

We've now got three tasks ahead of us-helping Yennefer, Eskel, and Lambert. Might as well head into the keep first, since we're nearby. Explore Kaer Morhen-there are a few things to loot, including some chests (which mostly just contain repair kits), then make your way into the keep, where you'll find Lambert in the great hall.

The Final Trial (level 19)
Talk to Lambert and... well, he's a jerk, as always. Geralt will offer to go with him to the Circle of Elements, and Lambert is only too willing to let somebody else carry some of the workload. Agree to go with him, then follow Lambert out of the keep and through a hole in the wall to the north, as the two banter about events from the first game that left Kaer Morhen in such a compromised state.

Follow Lambert north and endure more of his chatter. Along the way you'll have to fight some Harpies (level nineteen). Eventually you'll find the "Lakeside Hut" signpost, and beyond it the dock where Lambert moored his boat... except the tricky watercraft seems to have gone missing.

Head north-west along the shore and kill some Drowners (levels seventeen and eighteen), after which a Water Hag (level twenty) will show up. Kill them and Lambert will detail the route we'll be taking more thoroughly than he did before, then the two will discuss some of Lambert's childhood trauma.

Climb into the boat and take a seat opposite Lambert, who will pilot the ship against the waves-and in spite of Geralt's whining and front-seat piloting. Eventually you'll reach a cave, where Lambert will bring up Old Speartip again before the two Witchers hear an odd voice. Choose to investigate the noise, then head west, then north from the cave to find an illusion. Kill a quartet of Foglets (level eighteen) then endure the indignity of Lambert teasing you.

Old Speartip's Cave
Return back south, then east to find the cave, then enter it by heading north-east. Drink a Cat potion-if any cave in the game needed one, it's this one-then continue north until you find a more open chamber with a pillar obstructing your way. Go around the pillar to the west to find a boat, under which is chest. More lootables can be found in the waters to your east. Approach a high ledge and use your might Witcher team powers to defy gravity.

Scale some more ledges and either Aard a weak section of wall, or refrain and climb a nearby ledge, instead. Continue north to come to another Aard-or-climb decision, then continue to the north-east where you'll find yet another Aard-or-climb scenario. Either blast the wall to the north or climb a ledge to the east, then circle around clockwise, cross a bridge, and drop down past the Aardable wall.

Either way, continue north-west up a slope, then scale a wall to enter a large chamber where-despite your actions-Old Speartip sleeps. You can provoke Old Speartip-a Cyclops-by simply running up to him, or you can sneak past him by scaling a series of ledges to the north. Why let him live, though? Experience, treasure, and least of all, Lambert's peace of mind are at stake! Either way, scale a ledge to the south-west of where you entered the chamber to find another chamber beyond, in which lie several treasures, including a chest. Also, beyond (north-west of) Old Spearhead you can find another chest. Anyways, loot, then deal with Old Speartip (or not). He fights just like any other Cyclops, in case you were wondering.

Trolly Mountain
Climb the ledges along the northern edge of Old Speartip's lair, then follow the linear tunnel to daylight. Lambert will make light of some trolls, then Geralt will be a sour-puss, as usual. Head up a winding trial to the north to send a Troll running. As you near the cave entrance, more Trolls will show up and declare this a "Troll mountain." Lambert, exasperated, lets you do the talking... then fails to keep his mouth shut and provokes the Trolls.

Sprint into the cave, then blast a wall to the east with Aard and climb a ledge to the south to exit the cave... only to find that the Trolls have headed you off. Either attempt diplomacy (Lambert keeps his mouth shut well enough this time) or fight them (levels seventeen and eighteen) -you'll have to give up your weapons to show that you mean them no harm.

The Circle of Elements
Do what you wish, then continue along a path to the south to finally reach the Circle of Elements. After some chatter, light the torches nearby, then put the Phylactery on the altar to charge it. While the magic does its job, the two Witchers will talk for a bit, after which you'll get the option to fast-travel back to the fortress, or stay here. The only reason you might want to stay is to clear out two events in the area... and by "in the area"... well... that's really just code for "north of Kaer Morhen."

Objective	Reward
For charging the Phylactery	XP Varies
Guarded Treasure(s) (levels 14 and 20)
If you navigate the cliffs south and east of the Circle of Elements you can find a Guarded Treasure event on a hill. Kill a Wyvern (level fourteen) and loot the chest it was lurking near for some tasty loot. The other Guarded Treasure event is along the western shore of the lake we just traversed with Lambert, so scale you way down to the south-west where you should be able to find the boat you took to get to the cave, then pilot it (swimming works in a pinch) to an inlet about midway up the western coast. Head into the hills to find a Leshen (level twenty). Kill it, then find the chest it was guarding hidden in a bush.

To Bait a Forktail (level 19)
Let's go help Eskel out now... Yennefer, if Vesemir is correct, seems to be in quite a mood. A Forktail might be more agreeable. Leave Kaer Morhen via its western gate and activate your Witcher Senses near the "Kaer Morhen" signpost. Investigate some hoof prints to update the quest "To Bait a Forktail" then follow them along the road, to the south, across a stream, and finally, as they veer off the road to the south-east. They'll continue past some ruins (with lootables around them) before finally you'll see Eskel's moust, Scorpion.

Investigate Eskel's camp, then some more tracks on the ground. Follow them until they terminate a short while later, then search a nearby tree to pick up a scent trail. Apply some Dragonid Oil to your Silver Sword, then follow the scent trail east until you find more tracks, which eventually lead you to Eskel. The two will banter a bit before their prey arrives. Harass the Forktail (level eighteen) until it flies off, then chase it south. When you lose track of it, activate your Witcher Senses and examine a blood trail, then follow the bleeding Forktail further south.

Scale some ledges and listen to Eskel chat. Eventually you'll find signs that it landed. Follow the new trail to the north and into a cave. Venture north-east into the cave, then turn south when you must, drop down a ledge, then continue into a small chamber. Loot a chest in a recess to the east, then scale another ledge in the same direction to reach the Forktail's lair. Put the beast down, then collect the materials Yennefer wants from the Forktail.

Note: If you have "Wolf School Gear" DLC installed, you can find a chest ----- with the Diagram: Enhanced Wolven Gauntlets in them here.

Leave the Forktail cave and Eskel will challenge you to a race. Indulge him or not-he likes to ride slow until he's near Kaer Morhen, so you don't need to gallop until you cross the stream near the fort. Even then, Roach is retarded and likes to get spooked by or stuck on the environment, especially when crossing the bridge to Kaer Morhen or going through the gatehouse. Win the race and Eskel will give you a reward... but it's nothing major, if you get sick of Roach constantly throwing the race at the end.

Objective	Reward
For beating Eskel at a horse race	XP Varies
Mountain Folk Boots
For slaying the Forktail	XP Varies
Lifting the Curse
Return to Kaer Morhen's keep, where you'll find Vesemir tending to Uma, Eskel performing an autopsy on a Katakan (you can help him with this, if you care to) and Lambert being... Lambert. He'll play Gwent with you, if you haven't beaten him already, but aside from all that-and some looting-there's not much to see here. Head to the south-eastern corner of the keep, go through the kitchen, then climb some stairs to reach Yennefer.

Disturbance (level 19)
Talk to Yennefer, who seems to be in a worse mood than we imagined-if you press her too much on matters concerning Triss you could end up taking an unexpected swim. If you stick to business, she'll pass on Lambert and Eskel's tasks to you, which we've already done. Next up-her megascope. She needs to make a call, but there's some interference, so we'll have to find-and remove-it. She'll give you a "Potestaquisitor"-a device which plays "hot-and-cold" with magical disturbances.

Equip the device [R1] and head down to the main level of the keep, then head over to Vesemir and Uma to get a good reaction out of the device. The source of the disturbance is in some crates to the south. Approach them, and Vesemir will come over and offer to deal with them while you babysit Uma. After a while, you'll be free to go report to Yennefer, who will contact a fellow sorceress and question her on relevant matters. Before the communication is ended, however, you'll have to hear some more warnings concerning Ithlinne's Prophecy.

No Place Like Home (level 19)
Question Yennefer further, or not, then head downstairs, where Vesemir will make a power-play on Yennefer and decide to try a less risky cure for Uma. Yennefer and the three remaining Witchers will sit around and decide to waste the evening drinking and catching up. The Witchers tell stories, Lambert provokes Yennefer, and Yennefer explains her plans regarding Uma. When Yennefer retires for the night, the boys will have some fun... or you can just call it a night, but what fun is that? Play some Gwent, a drinking game (which, if you've played the previous two games, you'll be drinking a lot) and, if you drink too much, you'll have to go on a hunt for a missing Eskel, who wandered outside the keep after going to fetch some more vodka.

Objective	Reward
For finding Eskel	XP Varies
Lambert will come up with an awful idea... but if you continue to indulge your drunkeness, you'll find yourself in Yennefer's room as part of a ploy to liven the party up. Loot her chest and put on the clothes you find there, then the three odd Witchers will do their best to work Yennefer's megascope. Sadly, Yennefer arrives and puts an end to the fun before the three can cause too much trouble with the megascope. The ends "No Place Like Home" and begins "Va Fail, Elain."

Va Fail, Elain (level 19)
In the morning the experiment on Uma will begin. Ask Vesemir about his attempt to remove the curse, after which Yennefer will hand out more tasks. You'll be given the task to brew a potion, and you'll be given the formula for the "Decoction of the Grasses." Head west from Uma and search a box to obtain the ingredients you need, make the potion, then return to Yennefer, after which the operation begins.

Your only task is to operate some valves (the order doesn't matter), clean up a mess, and pick some dialogue options, including telling Yennefer a story to keep her awake through the trial. When the trial is over, you'll learn where Ciri is. This ends "Va Fail, Elain" and "Ugly Baby."

Objective	Reward
For lifting Uma's Curse	XP Varies
We must recover Ciri, but when we do so, the Wild Hunt will follow. It's time to stop running from them, and make a stand. You can run off to go and find Ciri-the object of the quest "The Isle of Mists," but you'd be wiser if you called in some favors, first. The quests "Brothers in Arms: Nilfgaard," "Brothers in Arms: Novigrad,", "Brothers in Arms: Skellige" and "Brothers in Arms: Velen" cover this. In fact, if you've been following this guide, you've already done the requirements to satisfy your allies, you need only ask them for aid. The quest "Brothers in Arms: Velen" should complete as soon as it begins. Let's go call in some favors, shall we?

Gather Allies
Brothers in Arms: Nilfgaard (level 22)
First up, let's go to Vizima and talk to the emperor... well see if Emyhr is willing to put his army where his heir is. Fast-travel to the "Royal Palace in Vizima" and talk to Emhyr. He makes demands, Geralt makes demands, the two don't see eye-to-eye, and nothing productive ensues. Well, let's hope the rest of our attempts will bear more fruit.

Brothers in Arms: Novigrad (level 22)
Next stop, Novigrad. There are four people we can get help from here. Triss Merigold should be a lock since we already did "A Matter of Life and Death" and "Now or Never." Vernon Roche will join if we did "Eye for an Eye" earlier, just fast-travel to the "Temerian Partisan Hideout" and talk to him.

After that, fast-travel to the "Gate of the Hierarch" signpost along the southern end of Novigrad and head to Dandelion's tavern to find Zoltan Chivay out front. If you completed "A Dangerous Game" (and why wouldn't you have? Gwent Cards were at stake!) he'll agree to come along.

Last and least, head to Dijkstra's bath house and talk to him in his office. He'll aid you if, during "Count Reuven's Treasure" you infiltrated Menge's stronghold sneakily (at Triss's expense) and asked Menge about his treasure. If not, he'll tell you to... well, go away, but in less friendly terms.

Brothers in Arms: Skellige (level 22)
Fast travel to the "Gedyneith" signpost in Skellige, then find Ermion in one of the druid dens built into the hillside. Talk to him and ask for help, but because of Yennefer's theft and destruction of his mask... nah, just fooling. Ermion's a stand up guy, and agrees to help defend Ciri in spite of all the crap you've put him through.

Return to Kaer Trolde and ask Crach for help. For perfectly logical reasons, he can't aid you with troops, but he will give you the sword "Winter's Blade."

Objective	Reward
For asking Crach for help	50 XP
Winter's Blade
Now go talk to the new monarch, whomever that may be... if, of course, there is a new monarch. If you completed the quests "Possession," "The Lord of Undvik," "King's Gambit" and "Coronation" Hjalmar will join your quest-regardless of who is actually the monarch.

Objective	Reward
For recruiting Hjalmar	50 XP
Brothers in Arms: Velen (level 22)
There's only one person in Velen whom is officially involved in the quest "Brothers in Arms: Velen" and that's Keira Metz. To get her to help out you'll have had to have completed the quests "An Invitation from Keira Metz," "A Towerful of Mice," "A Favor for a Friend" and "For the Advancement of Learning"... obviously killing her or letting her run off to Radovid were not the right choices in the latter quest, if you wanted to get her aid, but if you sent her to Kaer Morhen, you'll be fine.

Also, if you told Voorhis that Letho was still alive at the beginning of the game and completed the quests "The Fall of House Reardon" and "Ghosts of the Past" and sent him to Kaer Morhen, he'll be there to lend a helping hand, too.

The Isle of Mists
It's time to go after Ciri. By now you should have completed all the "Brothers in Arms" quests and their related side-quests. Doing this should put your level in the low-to-mid twenties, especially if you've done everything else in the guide. Having Enhanced (or better yet, Superior) Witcher set gear will help. Also ensure you've upgraded your Potions, Oils, Decoctions, and Bombs as much as possible. When you've done all that, it's time to go get Ciri.

The Isle of Mists (level 22)
Board a boat anywhere in Skellige-your destination is on the isle of Undvik. There are two harbors you can fast-travel to that will get you to your destination much faster-one near the "Marlin Coast" signpost, and an even closer one, to the north-west. Sail west along the northern coast of Undvik-your goal being a small island to the north-west of Undvik. Sail into the mists carefully-it would be unwise to damage your boat needlessly-and when prompted, take the game's advice and create a manual save before you proceed further. You should, if you're following this guide, be well above the suggested level of twenty-two, and you should have already completed all the side quests that you would otherwise be unable to complete after proceeding, so don't worry about that too much.

Warning!: Just in case it didn't sink in, here's another reminder. Make a hard save at the beginning of "The Isle of Mists." Do not save over it. We'll be dealing with story missions for a while from this point on, and making decisions that affect the end of the game. It might be wise to back up all that hard work now, in case you want to see things play out a different way later.

Geralt will unleash the Magic Firefly he was given after removing the curse from Avallac'h, which will guide us through the mist. Follow the firefly (or the quest marker indicating it on the minimap) and avoid the rubble and rocks as you go. If any Ekhidna (level nineteen) show up, let go of the helm [Circle] before they latch onto the boat. This will get them to attack you and not tear your poor ship to pieces.

Eventually you'll reach a jetty. Dock your boat and jump onto the dock, loot some chests on the shore and under the jetty (keep an eye to the shore on this isle, as there are plenty of lucrative chests along the shore) then follow the firefly south-east. Apply some Necrophage Oil to your Silver Sword, as Tangalore (level nineteen) roam around here. They're essentially just Foglets with a different name, and the old strategies work fine-Quen to protect yourself, dodge when you see them move in, and counter with Strong Attacks.

Follow the firefly to a hut near the center of the island and examine the locked door. After some initial caution, the people inside will tell you-through the door-how they came to be here, and why they're so suspicious. Eventually you'll have to end up agreeing to look for their mates, of which there are three-Ivo, Gaspard, and Ferenc. Ask about them all, then set out to find them.

Hunting for Ivo
Our goal now is to find Ivo on the northern coast, which can be accomplished by head north around-and past-the hut by going through a series of caves, which this island seems to be riddled with. From the hut head east until you spot a cave to the north. Follow the winding cave until you find another cave entrance above you to the north. Scale some rocks head into the new cave, score a chest and loot a corpse to the north-east, then exit the cave to the north-west. You're now over-looking the coast. Turn north-east, jump a gap, then climb down some ledges and a ramp.

When you reach the northern coast, head west. The coast here it littered with Bilge Hags (level twenty). A level twenty-five Witcher with a Superior Feline Silver Sword and Superior Necrophage Oil, one or two Strong Attacks should be all it takes to kill them. Ah, how times change... Anyways, when you approach Ivo's location, he'll call out to you from atop a high rock formation, and opt to take the fast way down.

Going After Gaspard
Well, that's one rescued... or found, in any case. Continue west along the northern coast until you spot a tower. Enter it, loot two chests, then climb a ladder. Loot two sacks, then climb two more ladders to find Gaspard at the top of the tower. Wake the sleepy dwarf, then convince him to come with you.

Now for a rather annoying escort quest. Gaspard can't die, but he finds other ways to be obnoxious... namely by constantly falling victim to his chronic, crippling, how-did-he-survive-this-long case of narcolepsy. Every so often he'll lie down and fall asleep, forcing you to go back and wake him up. He also won't climb or jump, and moves at a snail's pace, so we'll have to find another way back.

Head south-east along a road from the tower, stopping just long enough to dispatch a pair of Tangalores (level nineteen), then continue until you reach a fork, where you'll need to kill another pair of Tangalores. Take the first road to the east you find, following it uphill as it winds its way along a craggy hill. Kill some Harpies (level nineteen) that don't know better than to pester Geralt and follow the trail as it turns south, then east again to reach the hut.

Finding Ferenc
After dropping off the nuisance that is Gaspard, head to the south-western end of the island in search of Ferenc. In this case, it seems that Gaspard's dreams were right, as Ferenc has fallen victim to the Fiend (level twenty-two) that stalks these swamps. Kill the Fiend, then examine Ferenc's body.

Answers
Hopefully one out of three is good enough for the people in the hut. Return there and the dwarves in the hut will come out and welcome their own back into the fold. They'll then give you bad news about Ciri, who is apparently in the hut. Ciri and the six dwarves? Anyways, Geralt will enter the hut and you'll witness a touching scene, and get some long awaited answers.

The Battle of Kaer Morhen
Geralt and Ciri will appear in Kaer Morhen, and despite the imminent arrival of the Wild Hunt, a jovial mood prevails, albeit a short-lived one. The quest "Isle of Mists" ends and the quest "The Battle of Kaer Morhen" begins. Expect to gain a sizeable lump of experience for completing "Isle of Mists," which will help for the next few quests

Objective	Reward
For rescuing Ciri	1000 XP
Note: The text that pops up on the screen says you earned 1000 experience for completing "Isle of Mists," but the reality is closer to 5000... at least, it at level twenty-five, that's about was I gained.

The Defenders of Kaer Morhen
We need to convene the war council, but first, we should go see who all showed up. This section of the guide will assume you completed all the major NPC-related side-quests presented earlier and you told Voorhis you kept Letho alive. If somebody isn't here, you either killed them off, did not complete their personal side quests (as mentioned in the "Brothers in Arms" quests) or you simply didn't ask them to come.

Head up the ramp to the east, then turn north find Hjalmar and perhaps Vigi and Folan, if you rescued them both during "The Lord of Undvik." To the west is Zoltan Chivay, who'll serve as an Armorer for now... just don't expect too much out of him, crafting-wise. He's only an amatuer-grade smith. Repair your gear and sell off any excess junk you found.

Go through a gate to the north and turn west to find Ermion and Vesemir chatting over a fissure. Wait for Ermion to get done with his business, then talk to him and ask about the gas, then comment on the state of Kaer Morhen's walls. If you suggest patching up the walls, Ermion will agree to help and it seems Lambert might just get roped into the mix, too. Go through a broken gate to the west and find a chest in the north-western corner of the chamber beyond. Inside you'll find "Berengar's Notes." Ah... Berengar. One of the few people from out past who didn't make it here. Actually, Yaevinn, Siegfried and Toruviel aren't here, either. Suppose a lot of people from the first game didn't make it.

Head back outside and loot a chest against the eastern wall, if you haven't already, then go up another ramp to the west. Up on the third level here you'll find Lambert fussing over a ballista. Continue up some stairs to the east to find Eskel, who isn't very talkative, then go up another flight of stairs to reach the courtyard.

Here you'll find Vernon Roche and Ves. As you approach, a scene occurs involving them and Letho. Seems like Temerian patriots don't like the guy who killed Foltest. Who knew? Head to the main hall-but don't enter it. From here head south and climb some stairs to reach the battlements around the courtyard, where Ciri is standing. Talk to her again to learn a few more things about your daughter.

Enter the keep to find Keira Metz in the antechamber. Talk to her to find out what she's been up to recently, then talk to her again if you wish to peruse her wares... perhaps to buy another Potion of Clearance for a later date? Or you can just sell off excess alchemical junk, although she hardly offers you a good prices for it.

Last Minute Preparations
Head to the main hall, where everybody will gather, and discuss battle plans. All the matters are two choices concerning how to use our limited manpower and time resources concerning the laboratory and the workshop. For the Laboratory you'll get the options to focus on potions or traps. Picking potions will get you a Thunderbolt Potion and a Superior Swallow Potion (unless you already have them), while focusing on traps will impede your foes during the battle. As for the workshop, you again have two options-fix the walls, or clear the armory and recover some weaponry. If you fix the walls, you'll have to face fewer foes, while if you clear the armory, you'll get a random Silver Sword. Confirm your choices after picking them, then Vesemir will go over the battle plans once more. You get more goodies and experience if you pick potions and the armory, but most of it's junk by now, so do what you will.

Objective	Reward
For preparing	500-550 XP
For letting Vesemir brew potions	Thunderbolt
Superior Swallow
Lesser Perun Rune
For clearing the armory	Rose of Shaerrawed
A few hours later Lambert will show up and you'll reap the rewards of your actions if you picked potions and the armory. Making another hard save here is a good idea. When you're ready, talk to Ciri again, then leave the keep.

The Wild Hunt (Continued)
Hunting the Wild Hunt
Geralt will summarize the situation pretty well, but in case there's any doubt, your goal is to take down three portals the Wild Hunt is coming through. This task is relatively simple and can be done at your leisure, with plenty of time to heal in between... at least, with food and potions. The three portals are south, across a river, and they can be closed by hitting them with one of Lambert's Dimeritium Bombs, or by casting the Yrden Sign when you're nearby. You're also invisible, but like most fantasy invisibility spells, it has limitations-get too close to an enemy, or attack or cast Signs, and you'll be detected. If you're careful, though, you should be able to sneak up on a rift and hit with Yrden, then dispatch the foes nearby. Speaking of which, your enemies here are Hounds of the Wild Hunt (level twenty-two) and Warriors of the Wild Hunt (level twenty-four), both foes we've fought before. Repeat the process three times and Geralt will succeed at his task.

Objective	Reward
For closing the rifts	200 XP
Helping Triss
As Ciri make an inconsequential timed decision in an argument with Vesemir, then when you're in control head south along the battlements, killing two Hounds of the Wild Hunt (level twenty-two). Reach the tower Triss is on, then fight off the members of the Wild Hunt there, including more Hounds of the Wild Hunt and some Wild Hunt Warriors (level twenty-four). When they're all dead Triss will be free to cast her magic.

Battle in the Lower Courtyards
Once you're back in control of Geralt ride Road back to Kaer Morhen (if you raced Eskel earlier, the route should be all too familiar, if not-just follow the road). Ride into the lower courtyard and Vesemir will give you a command. Kill the foes in the courtyard, then go up the ramp to the east, scale some ledges, then run along the wall to the west, killing Wild Hunt Warriors and Hounds as you go. Reach a tower then turn north and pull a lever to close the gate.

Retreat back around the wall and head into the middle courtyard level to the north, as Triss' power is fading... meaning the blizzard that accompanies the Wild Hunt is closing in-and you should remember from earlier how much damage that can deal.

Objective	Reward
For performing a fighting retreat to the middle courtyard	500 XP
Once in the middle courtyard, kill the Wild Hunt foes here, then flee further north to the next level of the courtyard. Repeat the process again, then flee to the east, to the main courtyard. No plan survives contact with the enemy however, so head back down the stairs and head north to give Triss an assist by killing the Wild Hunt as they pop up.

Opening the Gate
As Ciri again, fight off some Wild Hunt Warriors with Eskel, then head south. Dispatch another group of Wild Hunt foes and head north-west down some stairs, then down another flight of stairs. Kill one more group of Wild Hunt baddies, then open the gate to the west by activating the winch.

Defending the Upper Courtyard
Your supply of Dimeritium Bombs will be replenished here, if you used any or not... which is good news, because our goal is to close more gates. Ignore the enemies, who will keep spawning, and try to close the gates as they appear. The portals will appear north and south of the entrance to the keep-first to the south, then the north. You'll have to close two portals in each location to proceed. Once the closed, head back west to help Triss at the entrance to the upper courtyard to watch the end of the battle.

Objective	Reward
For defending Kaer Morhen	1000 XP
After the battle, Geralt and Yennefer will talk to Ciri. The battle of Kaer Morhen is over, but the war against the Wild Hunt has just begun. This ends "The Battle of Kaer Morhen" and begins "Blood on the Battlefield."

Revenge
Blood on the Battlefield (level 20)
Our stated goal is to talk to Avallac'h about our next movie... but really, it's about talking to everybody about what happened. Do so, then pay your respects at the pyre if you wish. When you're done, head north to meet with Ciri, Yennefer, Avallac'h, and possibly Triss.

Yennefer will propose stronger allies of a somewhat controversial nature, since conventional force didn't fare so well at Kaer Morhen. Her bargaining chip might just be enticing to them, especially considering Radovid's actions of late. Ciri will interrupt your scheming and demand a say in her future before ultimately storming off.

Ciri: Confidence or Doubt #1 - Snowball Fight
A number of choices you'll make throughout the game concerning Ciri might seem fairly innocuous... but they aren't. Various responses will affect Ciri's confidence in the long run and influence the ending of the game. One such choice is coming up. After Ciri and Avallac'h exit Kaer Morhen keep, you'll get a chance to either console Ciri by saying "Relax, you don't need to be good at everything." or cheer her up by saying "Think I know what might lift your spirits." Make the timed decision-the first option causes her to doubt herself, while the latter causes her to gain confidence. If you picked the latter option you'll also get to indulge in a snowball fight-throw snowball with the same mechanics you use for throwing grenades, and pick up more snow off the ground when you run out of ammo.

Ciri: Confidence or Doubt #2 - Politics and Greed
Whatever you say, Ciri will wake Geralt up and propose a bold plan to get revenge, which starts the quest "Bald Mountain." After she explains the plan, you'll get a timed dialogue response, which is as momentous-if not more so-than the last one. Pick the option "Gotta visit the Emperor first." to suggest that they travel to Vizima enroute to Velen to see Emhyr. Alternatively you can pick the dialogue option "All right, Velen it is." to skip going to Vizima entirely... and keep Ciri from ever having political ambitions.

If Ciri goes to Vizima, not only will this enlighten her to future political possibilities, but you'll be offered the other half of your pay, which presents us with another chance to influence Ciri via a timed dialogue option. Pick the dialogue option "I definitely need it more than you do." to collect 2000 Crowns, but it comes at the cost of infecting Ciri with doubt. Alternatively you can choose the dialogue option "Didn't do it for the coin." to turn down the money and bolster Ciri's confidence. You'll be compensated in horse flesh. After the decision, chat with Voorhis, then leave with Ciri, who'll be rather upset... with Emhyr, and possibly Geralt, depending on whether you took the coin or not.

Objective	Reward
For bringing Ciri to Vizima and accepting your pay	2000 Crowns
Bald Mountain (level 26)
Ciri and Geralt will land near Bald Mountain, along the southern reaches of Velen. Nearby is the "Road to Bald Mountain" signpost, which you can't use presently. Talk to Ciri a bit, then head along a trail to the south-east a short distance before following her up some stairs and to a village. Chat with some revelers until they refer you to Thecla, who can give us access to the top of Bald Mountain.

Once done with the conversation, you'll be free to wander around-there's a Trader here who will sell copious amount of Mandrake Cordial and Cherry Cordial, should you need any to make White Gull... which is in turn needed to make the most advanced alchemical recipies. There's also a Blacksmith nearby, who'll perform a variety of useful functions. Repair your weapons, dismantle and sell any junk you've picked up, and craft new weapons (he's a Journeyman level craftsman). Take advantage of him while you have the chance.

Head along a trail north of the village and you'll run into Johnny... and perhaps Sarah, if you smoked her out of Novigrad. Chat with the Godling(s), who will try to speak sense into you, and when the fails, will point you to Thecla. Continue north-west, between some rocks, and over a bridge and north through another encampment of revelers. There's another Trader here, but he doesn't sell anything interesting.

Thecla's Challenge
You'll find Thecla in a tent to the north, who will be quick to send Ciri to see the ladies. Well, that was easy. Geralt, however, is not so lucky, and will have to agree to complete a challenge to have the "honor" of meeting the ladies. Fair enough. The challenge will be made. Take a leap of faith to start the trial.

Dive into the water and shoot two Drowners (level five) then swim east into an underwater cave. Activate your Witcher Senses and snatch the "Defiers Oren" from the ground... and perhaps loot a chest in the cave. No sense in exploring the cave too much, though.

Swim to and scale some ledges to the west, then, if you've got a bit of extra pluck, head south along some bridges to find a Fiend (level twenty-six) near a cave. Don't fight him along the bridges, as you're liable to get knocked off, instead lure him back north to more open ground. Defeat him, then head into-and through-his cave, turning south when you reach a fork. Exit the cave, run south-west along some bridge, scale a ledge, and head uphill to the east to return back to the reveler's village, from which it shouldn't be hard to find Hecla, who is in her tent to the north.

Or, if you don't care to tangle with a Fiend, follow a trail north, then east from the water in which you dove for the coin. Climb two ledges and head east up some stairs and you'll find your north of Thecla's tent. Talk to Thecla and present your coin, who will grant you access to the top of the mountain.

Objective	Reward
For completing Thecla's challenge	300 XP
Follow Marica up the mountain to some doors, which she'll open for you. Head into the cave and travel north-east, then north, dropping down a ledge to encounter a Sylvan named Fugas (level twenty-six), who will comment on the coin, then attack. Typical stuff, he'll stomp and throw fire, but nothing a Silver Sword can't fix. When he dies, Geralt and Ciri will see to the division of labor and split up.

Ciri and the Crones
As Ciri, head north-west and drop down a ledge then examine a chasm. Leap into the chasm and swim to the south-west to find dry land to climb onto. Continue down a passage to the south-west to reach a chamber, where you'll find the Crones embroiled in the same vile atrocities, albeit in a somewhat more alluring form. This changes quickly when Ciri makes her presence known, and violence shortly ensues.

This fight is actually pretty easy. Ciri regenerates quickly enough when she's not in combat, and the Crones aren't just aren't dynamic enough on offense to be be that dangerous. Keep moving-if you're not dodging or attacking, you're probably doing something wrong. The Whispess acts like a Water Hag (not much of a stretch, is it?), dipping into the water and surfacing elsewhere to throw vile substances at you. Fortunately, she doesn't do this terribly often, and you'll rarely be hit if you keep moving. Also, Ciri doesn't get quite so incapacitated as Geralt does by similar effects. The rule-of-three doesn't work here-stick to using two fast attacks before dodging away again, as it's usually all you'll be able to do before the Crone either dodges or counter-attacks. When your energy meter is full, consider using Ciri's teleport-attack (hold down [R2]) to score some cheap hits-just be far enough away when you start it, as it takes time to charge. When the first one falls (the Brewess, being slow, makes her an easy target) the fight becomes even easier.

Geralt and Imlerith
Once the Crones fall you'll find yourself in control of Geralt. Have Samum equipped and make sure you have potions equipped. Once done, head north along a trail and cross a bridge. Once across the bridge immediately turn east and score a Place of Power-another helpful buff for the upcoming encounter. Continue up a narrow trail to the north-west, scale a ledge, then leap over a rock in the path to find Imlerith indulging in supernatural delights.

The pleasantries don't last long, however. Imlerith is terribly easy at first-he'll lazily swipe with his humongous maul, which, when wielded one-handed is just too slow to hit a Witcher. Wait for him to attack, then dodge around him, and hit him a few times. Repeat until he's at half health and he'll drop his shield and begin teleporting. Now sporting a two-handed grip, he attacks much faster. Spam dodge [Circle]-do nothing else aside applying Quen, and be wary, as he'll teleport behind you, forcing you to change the direction of your dodge. He'll unleash a flurry of activity, and your job is to survive. Shortly, he'll tire himself out, giving you the opportunity to land a good hit on him. Repeat this process until he falls.

Objective	Reward
For avenging Vesemir	1000 XP
Magic Acorn
Geralt and Ciri will chat a bit after their dual victories. When the conversation turns towards the future say "Not quite yet.", as this will allow you to exploring Bald Mountain further. Return to where you fought Imlerith and loot his body to find a "Magic Acorn". Once you've obtained this, head back down from Bald Mountain, past the Place of Power and cross the bridge to the south. Follow the road until you find a man named Stregomir arguing with other peasants, who are now worrying about how they'll get along without their magic acorns. You can give them the one you got from Imlerity, or keep it for yourself-if you consume it, you'll get two ability points. Doesn't seem like much of a choice, does it?

Back to Novigrad
Ciri and Geralt will return to Novigrad, where you'll see the outcome of your choices during the quest "Now or Never". The Witch Hunters have either finished their grisly business with the mages, or, in their absence, they've turned to new scapegoats. In Dandelion's tavern you'll learn that Avallac'h is waiting for you, but there's plenty more to do before we talk to him.

This begins the quests "Final Preparations", "Blindingly Obvious" "Payback" and "The Great Escape". Finally, choices! We also have free run of the map for the first time since we started "Isle of Mists". Since we've gained a good bit of experience since then, we should be able to handle just about every unfinished quest in the game. Of particular interest ware the high-end Witcher set items (superior and mastercrafted), which will serve us well and might be worth going after.

Either go on some treasure hunts, or skip to the next main story quests... all of which are related to the quest "Final Preparations".

Blindingly Obvious
We might as well start by helping Triss... not just because she's everybody's favorite sorceress, but because she's in the tavern. Head upstairs to the second level where you'll find Triss in the first room to the left. She'll scold you, you'll have to make a timed decision that doesn't matter, then get down to business.

You'll be told the bad news about the sorceresses-and you'll get a scene about Keira Metz, whatever happened to her. If you let her go to Radovid, the quest "A Final Kindness" will begin. Learn what you can about Phillipa to learn that the sorceress was under our noses the whole time (their words), but Zoltan's bad gambling habit cost him-and us. Triss will explain a means by which we might locate Phillipa, after which you'll get the opportunity to go deal with the blind Sorceress now, or meet up with her later. Additionally, there's a third option; "Let's get Keira first." if you didn't either kill Keira or send her to Kaer Morhen earlier, which you should do immediately to get it out of the way. If you sent her to Kaer Morhen or killed her, skip to "The Angry Owl", instead.

A Final Kindness
Head to Hierarch square, where Triss will make a perfectly reasonable suggestion. Head over to where Keira is to see that she suffered just like Geralt predicted she would if she went to Radovid. A few bug bites was probably tolerable by comparison. Talk to the guards nearby and use Axii on them, or pick one of the other options to start a fight. Kill the guards (level twenty-eight) and Triss will take her fallen comrade's body.

Objective	Reward
For performing a final kindness	160 XP
The Angry Owl
Travel to the Passiflora-either on your own after helping Keira Metz, or with Triss, if "A Final Kindness" didn't pop up. Triss will do her magic and you'll see an image showing us Phillipa's location. If you're romancing her, you'll see more, then you'll get to question Triss about your future together. Respond how you will (don't you dare crush that poor girl's dreams!) then head to Dijkstra's bathhouse.

Head inside the bathhouse, where Phillipa is causing a scene, to put it mildly. C'mon, Dijkstra! You knew who Phillipa was, and you knew the owl was Phillipa-no other reason to con Zoltan, and Dimeritium is only good for suppressing magical powers. Oh well, his blunder, our mess to clean up. Triss will remain behind, leaving Geralt to deal with Phillipa on his own. Head north-east through the bathhouse and kill Dijkstra's possessed henchmen (level twenty-six), then climb down a ladder in one of the baths to reach the cellar.

Venture south-west and kill two more of Dijkstra's goons (level twenty-six) which Phillipa has possessed, then go through a gate and into the sewers to meet Bart, who was also manipulated by Phillipa. Fortunately, his stupidity proves to be a boon to us, as he can be tricked into letting us pass by saying "I want to help her."... or you can just kill him (level twenty-seven).

Go east through the sewers, following the route you took while searching for evidence during the quest "Count Reuven's Treasure". When you come to an open chamber you'll find Phillipa above you, and she doesn't intend to go down without a fight. She'll summon a Fire Elemental (level twenty-six)-remember to blast it with Aard to remove its fire aura, then cut it down. Once done, you'll need to head up some stairs, leap a gap and head west towards Phillipa. Move quickly, as she's going to try to blast you with spells as you go.

Reach Phillipa and you'll end up talking to Dijkstra shortly. Pick the dialogue options "I need her.", "Tell you what the emperor's after if you let us go.", "Heard it from Emhyr himself." and "Let her talk." to get the two talking about Dijkstra's aborted conspiracy. If you completed the quests "An Eye for an Eye", "Redania's Most Wanted" and "A Deadly Plot" this should start the quest "Reason of State". We'll get to that quest in a bit... but first, loot the Fire Elemental Phillipa summoned, if you care to score its loot. This completes "Blindingly Obvious."

Objective	Reward
For finding Phillipa	500 XP
Payback
Before we deal with Dijkstra's scheme, let's help out Ciri. Why Ciri? Because she's better than Yennefer, of course. Head to Gildorf square (in case you forgot, it's south-east of the Passiflora) to find Ciri along the southern end of the square. She'll ask you for some help to set matters right. Agree and you'll find out that your first target is Whoreson Junior.

Whoreson Junior
If you let him live, you'll find him in The Bits, drunk and in such a state that even children torment him. He's still got some bark left in him, but there's no bite left. Seems letting him live was no mercy. Good.

Alternatively, if you killed Whoreson Junior, Ciri will take you to the Temple District, where you'll find some of his goons. Either pick a fight them (level twenty-five) or use the Axii Sign to get past. Either way, head into the house and go to the top floor to find Whoreson Junior. Talk to him to sort things out, for a somewhat surprising turn of event.

Objective	Reward
For using Axii on Whoreson's guards	40 XP
For finding out what happened to Whoreson Junior	200 XP
Bea
Next follow Ciri to the Golden Sturgeon to find some men harassing Ciri's friend. Pick the dialogue option "Leave on your own..." to scare them off, or pick "Or I'll throw you out." to pick a fight with them (level twenty-six). Once they're gone Bea and Ciri will catch up and Bea shows more than a passing interest in Geralt, to Ciri's chagrin.

Objective	Reward
For bantering with Bea	200 XP
Valdo
Travel with Ciri to the outskirts to meet her next friend, Valdo. After a bit of dissent, Ciri and Valdo will be caught in an impasse, which they decide to settle with a horse race. Agree to race or not (it's a short enough-it can be completed in one stamina bar) and you'll be invited to stay for a party, during which Ciri and Geralt will chat some more.

After a while, Aeger will show up and complain about his failed errand. If you refuse to help them, you'll end up in a fist-fight with Aeger, and afterwards, you'll be ejected from the party. If you agree to help, however, you'll make your way to the western side of the central district, near the docks.

Head north reunite with Aeger and Ciri, then continue to the stable. Climb onto a wooden platform along the building's south-western side, then onto the roof. Head south-east onto another wooden platform and go through a doorway. Drop down to the bottom floor and fisticuffs a guard (level twenty-eight) then grab the "Stable Key" off a table in the north-western corner of the stable. Open the door for your friends, then hit all the horses with the Axii Sign to calm them down, after which the three of you will make good your escape. Everybody parts on happy terms, and all is good... except, perhaps, for the merchant we robbed. Oh well.

Objective	Reward
For visiting Valdo	300 XP
The Great Escape
Time to pay Yennefer a visit and see if she needs anything. Head over to Crippled Kate's to find Yennefer, who is sitting in a corner on the first level. It seems like she's about to scold you, but unlike Triss, she's more pragmatic. Address the giant pink elephant in the room and ask why she's here and she'll tell you.

The Great Chase
When her target arrives she'll confront him, and he'll bolt, forcing you to chase him. Follow him south-east, then climb some ladders after him when he makes his way to the roofs of the buildings north of Putrid Square. Climb some ledges and chase him onto the roofs until you either catch him, or Yennefer puts an end to the chase. Yennefer and Geralt will ask him some questions over drinks concerning his escape and form a plan based on what he tells them.

Objective	Reward
For interrogating the fugitive	200 XP
Head over to Dandelion's Tavern and talk to Zoltan. If you didn't complete "Now or Never", he'll agree to help you get the guards drunk here. If you did, he'll decline on account of the attention the Witch Hunters are now paying to nonhumans. No big deal either way.

Fast-travel to the "Novigrad Gate" signpost and head west across the bridge into Oxenfurt. You'll find Yennefer near a building just south-west of the gate. Talk to her, then follow her through the city, her destination being a well north of the "Western Gate" signpost. Yennefer will give you an item aptly named a "Magic Trinket from Yennefer", after which you'll be on your own.

Elven Ruins Under Oxenfurt
Dive into the well, then dive underwater to the east to find some submerged chests to loot. Another lies to the south-east, behind a pillar, and a fourth can be found to the north. Once you're done looting continue swimming north to find some elven ruins. Go up some stairs and go through a doorway to the south to reach a chamber in which a Grave Hag (level twenty-six) resides. Kill it, then search a wall to the south to find a lever. Looks like we'll need to find a replacement.

Head north-east through a doorway and head into a submerged tunnel. Swim north-east, then climb out of the water and follow a tunnel until you reach a large chamber with three chests in it to loot-two in plain sight, and on on a ledge to the north-west. Search the wall near the doorway you entered the room through (to the north-east) to find a "Lever". Grab it and head south-west through another doorway, go up some stairs, turn south-east, and go through a doorway, stopping to examine some "tomb raider" bones on the ground. Continue south-east into the room where the Grave Hag lurked, then insert the new lever into the slot (heh) to open a doorway nearby.

Go through said doorway and you should spot a "brittle wall" to the south-east. Before you go blasting anything with Aard, however, turn north-west and swim into a cavern to find a submerged chest and body for your looting pleasure. Surface and return to the north-east, then blast the weak wall.

Beyond the wall you'll find some Ghouls (level fifteen) and a Necrophage (level thirteen)... technically, they're all Necrophages, and the "Necrophage" here is just a Rotfiend, but... whatever. Head down a tunnel to the south-east and follow it until it terminates at a fork. Go up a slope to the south-east and, at the apparent end of the tunnel, turn south-west to find a ledge you can scale.

Deireadh
Congrats! You've successfully broken INTO prison. Kill two Witch Hunters (level twenty-six), loot a chest, then grab the "Sewer Key" off a table in the western corner of the room. What does this wonderful key do for you? Why, it unlocks the gate at the fork back in the sewer, which leads to the cellar under the house near the Blacksmith, for all the nothing that's worth.

Go through the door to the south-west, then head up some stairs and through another door. Put down three more Witch Hunters (level twenty-six) then talk to Margarita, who has clearly been roughed up by her captors. She'll tell you what you need to do next-head north-east and go up some stairs. When you reach a landing where you can go through a gate to the south-east, or through a doorway to the south-west, go south-west first. Head up some more stairs and kill a pair of Witch Hunters, then search the two chests in the room.

Head back downstairs and go through the gate we neglected earlier to reach the courtyard, where you'll have to face some more Witch Hunters (level twenty-six) and Redanian Soldiers (level twenty-nine). Kill them, loot around, then head up some stairs to the south-east. Head south-west first, going up some stairs, into-and through-a tower, and along the walls until you reach another tower, in which is a chest worth looting.

Backtrack to the stairs that descend to the courtyard and head north-east to reach the Prison Warden (level twenty-six). Kill him and loot the "Cell Key" off his body, then loot his quarters, where you can find the note "List of Prisoners" on his desk. Head back to the cells and open the door, at which point Geralt will use the trinket Yennefer gave him. If you told Voorhis that Sile is still alive during your first visit to Vizima, she'll be in the cell with Margarita... but she's in no shape to come with us. Grant her request yourself, or let somebody else do it.

Objective	Reward
For freeing Margarita	300 XP
Return to the courtyard, ascend to the walls, then head to the south-western side of the prison where you'll find a hole in the walls which you can leap out of. Doing so completes this quest.

Objective	Reward
For escaping from prison	300 XP
It's now time to consider tackling the quest "Reason of State", which sees Geralt (and a few choice allies) playing kingmaker for the north. If you don't care to dabble in politics, don't do the quest-which is a defacto victory for Radovid. If you'd prefer to see somebody other than a madman in control of the north... well, where there's a will, there's a way. If you don't want to bother with "Reason of State", skip ahead to "Final Preparations".

Reason of State
The Scheme
Head to a warehouse along the south-eastern end of the dock district's crescent. Knock on the door and you'll be let in. Go upstairs and the three primary conspirators-Vernon Roche, Thaler, and Dijkstra-will lay out their plan. Agree to play your part, then head outside, where another party interested in Radovid's demise will show up and offer you aid-both advice and an item-that might just increase you chances of success.

He Bites
Make your way to the docks along the south-eastern end of the central district, where, along the long pier, you'll find Radovid's absurd boat. Talk to a Redanian Soldier near the boat and he'll let you on board, where Radovid will make a good case for why, exactly, he should be put down. Tell him what he wants to hear, then give him the ring you were given earlier and he'll bite. After Geralt leads him to the Phillipa's supposed location, Radovid will spring a surprise of his own. Fortunately, the some well-timed intervention from our allies spares us from Radovid's designs... and gives us the means to fight back.

Assassin of Kings
Kill the Redanian Soldiers (level twenty-nine) nearby, then make your way north-west across St. Gregory's Bridge, killing Redanian Soldiers (levels twenty-seven and twenty-nine) and Witch Hunters (levels twenty-nine and thirty-three) as you go. Kill all the Redanians and approach the barricade at the end of the road to witness a score being settled.

The King in the North
Mission accomplished, although not as planned. Drink to Temeria (or not) and you'll learn there were backstage politics at play you weren't aware of. The party will be ruined when Dijkstra makes a theatrical entrance... and power play. You've got two options here, both of which affect the ending of the game and the future of the north. During a timed dialogue decision, either say "Do what you want." to get out of politics and leave the Temerian patriots to their fate, or say "Won't let you kill them." to oppose Dijkstra. In the latter case you'll have to help fight off him and his henchmen (level thirty). Either way, the quest "Reason of State" ends.

Final Preparations
Ciri: Confidence or Doubt #3 - Meeting the Lodge
We've seen to everybody's needs, and perhaps helped reshape the balance of power in the north, so we're ready to proceed, right? Head to Dandelion's tavern and make your way to the second level, where you'll find Ciri fretting over an imminent meeting with Phillipa and Margarita. Here is another chance to influence Ciri's confidence, and hence, the end of the game.

Pick the dialogue option "Going with you." to accompany Ciri to the meeting. The conversation that occurs therein-including your responses-don't matter. Simply being there undermines Ciri's authority, and hence sows doubt. Alternatively, if you pick "You'll do fine on your own." Ciri's confidence will grow.

In any event, if you romanced both Triss (you got a romance scene after "Now or Never") and Yennefer (you got a romance scene after "The Last Wish") both will come to you after Ciri's meeting with Phillipa and promise you unearthly delights. The holy grail of sorceress lovin'. The greatest thing that's probably ever happened to Geralt (and certainly better than anything that's happened to most of us)... mnage  trois. This starts the quest "It Takes Three to Tango". Might as well get this over with if you have it, otherwise skip to the heading "Talking to Avallac'h".

Objective	Reward
For reforming the Lodge of Sorceresses	1000 XP
It Takes Three to Tango
Head to the Kingfisher and make your way to the second level, then knock on the door to begin the festivities. Then... well... yeah. How did you think this would end? Oh well, chin up. The only thing that they hurt was your pride, and you kind of had it coming. Two-timing jerk. Time to go talk to Avallac'h. After that, fighting the Wild Hunt doesn't seem so bad.

Talking to Avallac'h
Now head upstairs and talk to Avallac'h, who will tell you about some dissent in the ranks of the Wild Hunt, and some means by which we might exploit it. Get all the details you can, then head off with Avallac'h, if you're ready. This begins the quest "Through Time and Space".

Through Time and Space
Follow Avallac'h through Novigrad to arrive at the house Sarah haunted (and perhaps still haunts). Make your into the cellar and continue east, through the hole in the wall you (should have) blasted with Aard back when we first came here. If not, do so now and head through the portal.

Desert World
When you arrive in another world, follow Avallac'h through the desolate landscape as he gives you an environmentalist lecture. When you reach a portal he'll tell you that it'll take a few moments for it to open, which... we all know what that means. Kill the Sandcrabs (level twenty-five) that assail you and, when the portal opens, head on through to escape the endless waves of crustaceans.

Plant World
You're now in a new world, and separated from Avallac'h. Head south-west down a broken ledge, then turn south to spot the next portal. Continue around the pillar upon which you arrived, climb a ledge to the east, drop down another, then head down a ramp to the south, where suffocating gas awaits. Make your south to another ledge quickly, where the high ground will allow you to get some fresh air. Continue the process again-head south through choking fog and onto another ledge, then loot a skull on the wall. Now head west and drop down a ledge to escape the fog, breaking the whole "high ground = fresh air" rule.

Place of Power
Continue west down a ramp, then turn south, scale a ledge, then continue south to find a Place of Power. Claim your ability point, then return back north and look out over the sea of red plants. To the north-west you should see an island of high-ground amidst the sea of poisonous plants. Drop down a ledge and climb onto the high ground to the north-west to spot another island. Be wary, as the poison here drains your breath bar far faster than it did earlier. Chugging some Killer Whale might help you out here.

Next head to the southern end of the island to see a long run ahead of you-past a sea of red to the south the next pair of ledges can be found. Get a running start and spring over there. Climb two ledges, then turn south-east and climb a third. Look over to the south to find... more poison to cross. Wonderful. You should also spot a ledge in the distance beyond. When you're ready, drop down and run through the rib cage of a long-dead giant beast and scale a ledge to the south-fortunately the poison is weaker here than it was earlier, so you should have plenty of time. Turn east and head over to a small ledge over-looking more poison to spot the portal. One more run to the east should get us out of this wretched place.

Water World
You'll now appear underwater, the portal being south of where you appear. There are a few things to loot down here, and you can surface for air, so take your time, loot around, then swim leisurely to the next portal.

Ice World
We've been to desert world, poison world, water world, now it's time for... ice world! Head north down a ledge and turn west to enter an icy tunnel. Follow the tunnel until you find a sheet of ice blocking you way-hit it with Igni to melt a passage through. The next part is fun. Fun here is being used as a sarcastic synonym for "annoying". When you're exposed to the weather, your health will deplete. Rapidly. You'll have to find shelter along the way as you look for the next portal. Unlike the poisonous plant world, you're looking for sheltered alcoves from which you can escape the weather, instead of ledges to climb, and there's no grace period-the longer you're exposed, the more damage you'll take, but you will take damage. Save when you reach shelter, and wait for your health to regenerate (which should happen quickly once your out of the blizzard).

Your first shelter is to the north-west, just follow the wall to find a cubby not entirely covered by snow and protected from the wind. An "X" is marked onto a rock nearby. Follow the rocks to the north to find your second shelter-a brave, stand-along rock which will protect you from the wind. Turn east to see your next destination-some stairs with rocks sheltering them. Sprint east to reach the relative safety of the walls and make your way to the eastern edge of said structure. Pan your camera to the north to see more walls to the north you can hide behind. Head north-east and huddle behind the walls, then look east to find a slope running north.

Slide down the slope to the north and you'll get to watch a scene where Geralt comments on the signs of life he spots. Turn south-west from where you appear after the cutscene and enter a house. Head upstairs and light a campfire, which will quickly heal Geralt. Search a sack by some corpses to find some "Travler's Notes" which detail life in the blizzard.

Leave the house and run down a slop to the north Continue until you find protection deep in the shelter formed by a "U"-shaped building. To the west is a doorway with another "X" marked next to it. Must be on the right track. Head into the house and drop down to the lower level, where you'll have to fight off two Hounds of the Wild Hunt (level twenty-seven). Do so, then light a fire to the south. When you're ready, head to the doorway and prepare for another desperate sprint.

Our goal is to make it north, but it's far to far too make it in one go. Run north but keep your camera turned west to find a house you can duck into and recover. When you're ready leave the shelter and head north again, keeping your eye to the west where you'll see a house with a projecting, triangular roof buried in the snow. Run over to it and go through a windwo to escape the weather. Loot, head downstairs, light a fire, and loot some more to find "Anna's Notes" on the ground near some skeletons.

Head north and go through a doorway, and back into the blizzard. You'll find a house you can shelter in directy to the north (you can see the doorway from the door of the previous house). There's also a house across (south-west of) from the northern house you run to, but the porch railings might slow you down, so don't bother with it...

Continue north one more time and keep going until you reach a wall with some stairs leading north-east. Once you approach these walls you'll be protected from the blizzard, so don't bother looking for shelter along the way. Head up the stairs and into the tower nearby. Pick up "Ervyl's Diary" near the doorway to the north-east, then continue out in the wall beyond. Look out a breach in the wall to the north-east, where you should see a tower with a doorway built into a structure under it. That, finally, is our destination.

You can either spring right to the tower by heading north-east across the snowy fields, or you can head due north to find a clearing where a number of braziers are. If they're lit, you'll recover health near them, and be safe from the effects of the blizzard. Some Hounds of the Wild Hunt (level twenty-seven) will show up to complicate matters. Kill them, and continue up some stairs to the east to reach the tower.

Once you're in the shelter provided by the doorway under the tower, head down some stairs to reunite with Avallac'h. Catch up with him and discuss Ge'els, then head off through another portal.

Objective	Reward
For reuniting with Avallac'h	XP Varies
Follow Avallac'h north through a palace and into a garden where you'll find Ge'els occupied by a bit of leisure. None of the parties involved are terrible polite with each other, but it doesn't prevent business from carrying on. Return home and make use of Corinne's services again to reveal the truth to Ge'els, who will then offer his aid against Eredin. This completes the quests "Final Preparations" and "Through Time and Space" and begins the quest "Battle Preparations". Guess the "final" preparations weren't so final, after all.

Objective	Reward
For meeting with Ge'els	XP Varies
For securing support against Eredin	XP Varies
Battle Preparations
Repair your equipment, sell off any junk you might be holding, and make your way to Avallac'h, who is on a ship north-west of the "Novigrad Docks" signpost. As you approach you'll spot Yennefer chatting with Phillipa and Margarita, after which she'll talk to you. When the conversation ends board the ship and enter the cabin to talk to Phillipa and Margarita, if you wish. When you're ready to go, talk to Avallac'h and tell him so.

As you sail, you'll spot an unsettling sight off the coast of Skellige. Seems Emhyr's hunger for expansion can't be sated, no matter what he gobbles up. Talk to your allies and Avallac'h will elaborate about the Sunstone. Two goals will become clear-make it onto Emhyr's ship and rescue Fringilla, and find Ermion, who in turn can help us with the Sunstone. Completing these objectives forms the substance of the quests "Veni Vidi Vigo" and "The Sunstone", respectively. The former quest is far simpler, so let's get it out of the way, first.

Veni Vidi Vigo (level 28)
The boat you sailed in on is docked at Kaer Trolde Harbor-a place you should know well. Fast-travel to the "Marlin Coast" signpost and rest until night. If you try this during the day, you'll be shot at by sailors, which doesn't do much damage, but it can make it difficult for you to surface for air, or to board the ship. When it's night, swim north-east to find the Emperor's fleet-your goal is to avoid the spotlights (if you're spotted, just dive until they call off the search) and find the Emperor's ship in the search area. When you approach the anchor of the correct ship, a stand-down order will be given. Swim up to and activate the anchor to climb aboard and have a quick-but productive-chat with Emhyr. Afterwards you'll be back in Kaer Trolde Harbor and the quest "Veni Vidi Vigo" will end.

Objective	Reward
For rescuing Fringilla Vigo	200 XP
The Sunstone (level 28)
Well, that was simple. Time to find Crach. Head west up some stairs and talk to Crach, who will tell you where Ermion is... which varies depending on who is king. If one of Crach's kids is king, Ermion will be in Kaer Muire, trying to talk some sense into Lugos. If Svanrige is king, he's at Kaer Trolde.

Svanrige is King
Head to the "Bridge to Kaer Trolde" signpost and enter the keephall, where you'll find that Birna, who was willing to murder to make Svanrige king, is willing to sell Skellige to Nilfgaard to keep him on the throne. Head into the main hall join Crach as he watches negotiations commence... only to be terminated when Svanrige shows he's made of sterner stuff than his mother. Fight off some Nilfgaardian Soldiers (levels nineteen and twenty-nine) and afterwards, watch a scene that wraps up Svanrige's story in a surprising way.

Cerys is Queen or Hjalmar is King

Fast-travel to the "Kaer Trolde" signpost and enter the keep, heading north, up a ramp, and through a gate. Here you'll find that Lugos is inconsolable about the fact that Clan An Craite has won the throne, and is openly considering (actually, outright advocating) revolt. No matter what you say, the situation deteriorates and you'll have to fight Lugos (level thirty-two) and his Warriors (level twenty-eight). Fight your way out of the keep, and when you talk to Ermion out of the town you'll see a scene about helping one of Crach's kids ascend the throne.

The Skald and the Fishlung Brothers
Either way, ask Ermion about the Sunstone and he'll direct you to the skald Eyvind, who is in Arinbjorn, and the Fishlung brothers. Fast-travel to Arinbjorn and head west from the signpost to find Eyvind standing on a hill. You'll automatically talk to him as soon as you approach, and find out that he's oblivious to common concerns, and instead is engrossed in his task of looking for a whale. Stand and watch with him, and you'll have to pick two timed dialogue options. The first one is inconsequential, but for the second one, pick the option "Gathering material for an adventure novel." to learn the location of the caverns you're looking for.

If you fail to get the information you're looking for from Eyvind, fast-travel to the "Eldberg Lighthouse" signpost and head south to the central island, then to the northern tip of the smaller almost-island to the east, where you'll find the Fishlung brothers... or their boats, anyways. Dive into the water and swim west of their boats to find a cave. Swim into the cave and surface, then head down a passage to the west to find your wayward brothers, who are up to no good. Talk to them and ask about the ruins you're looking for to learn their location, then fight off some Drowners (level twenty-nine).

However you get the information, once you've got it fast-travel back to "Kaer Trolde Harbor" and talk to Yennefer, who will reveal some news about Avallac'h. Seems he's been holding out on us. This starts the quest "Child of the Elder Blood", which Ciri and Yennefer will head off to attend to. Phillipa, on the other hand, goes off in search of the Sunstone. Let's stay on track and go help Phillipa. You can also talk to Avallac'h, while you're here, who might have some new things to say, although it's nothing monumental.

Elven Ruins
Fast-travel (or sail, if you must) to the "Ancient Crypt" signpost, along the northern coast of Ard Skellige, north-east of Kaer Trolde. Phillipa will dispel the illusion over the entrance and walk on it. Geralt will chat with her as she heads into the ruins-follow her to the south and through another doorway. Go down some stairs to the west, then up some more to the south and through another doorway. When you reach a watery chamber beyond you'll have to fight off some Drowners (level twenty-eight) and a Sirine (level twenty-nine).

Place of Power
Explore to the west to find a Place of Power... hooray for ability points... then go south from the obelisk to find a small chest to look. When you're done, return to Phillipa and accompany her up some stairs to the south-east. When you reach a statue turn south-west to find a chest worth looting, then return to Phillipa and follow her to a chasm, which gives her the opportunity to show off her magical prowess.

Hidden Treasure (level 28)
Cross the makeshift stairs to reach a chamber that splits off three ways-Phillipa intends to continue west, but head east first, through a doorway to the east, then another to the north. Loot a chest to the north-just off the stone platform, then head down some stairs to the east to find a Hidden Treasure event. Kill the Venomous Arachas (level twenty-eight), then loot two chests-one in the water at the end of the stairs, and another to the north.

Go through the doorway to the south to find some mutilated remains to find an "Elven-Made Key". Be wary of the spike traps on the floor, however-they do an absurd amount of damage. Speaking of which... the chest this key opens to beyond the trapped floor to the south. Cast Quen, get a running start, and try to leap over them as far as you can. The way back it trickier, but still doable.

Return to Phillipa and follow her west into another chamber with multiple paths. Kill a Golem (level twenty-eight), then head north to find a chest in a small chamber. Backtrack to Phillipa, then follow her south, then west up some stairs, then south up more stairs to reach a door. Phillipa pays a toll at the door, and you two continue on and talk politics. After the chat, part company with Phillipa once again and head south, down some stairs, and behind a stalagmite where you'll find a chest. Loot it, return to the stairs, and at the base of them turn south-west to find more stairs in the distance-stairs which lead to a door. Go through the door and dispatch two Ghosts (level twenty-eight) which fight like typical human warriors. Once they're smote turn north-west to find two chests-one which is locked, and doesn't seem to have a key. Shame.

The Mirror Puzzle
Reunite with Phillipa and follow her east, through a doorway down a tunnel, then turn south and go down some stairs to reach a massive watery cavern. Phillipa will work some magic and reveal a puzzle you'll need to solve. Joy.

From the ledge you start out on (along the northern end of the room) drop down the ledge (remember to mash [Circle] as you fall to roll and mitigate damage) and immediately turn south-west. Head up some stairs and follow the tunnel south-east, then head up another flight of stairs, where you'll have to fight a Ghost (level twenty-eight). Loot a chest, then activate the mirror to turn it.

Drop down the ledge the mirror is on to the north and, when on lower ground, turn north-east to find a collapsed stone walkway that now forms a ramp-a ramp you can use to reach the platform the next mirror is on. Get a running jump off the ramp and hold [Circle] to grab the ledge, then banish another Ghost (level twenty-eight). No chest for you this time, just turn the mirror.

Head back west, dropping off the platform you're on and back onto the ramp. Continue west and climb onto a stone platform north of the first mirror we manipulated, then continue north to find some ledges you can scale to reach the third mirror. Climb them, jump a gap, then scale a railing. Before you turn the next mirror, loot a chest to the north-west.

Once the three mirrors have been moved Phillipa will exclaim at your success. Return down the ledges to the south to reach the floor of the cavern, head south-east around some stalagmites, then turn north-east to find some stairs. Ascend to reach Phillipa, who will insist on talking to you again. Respond to her as you will and she'll vanish, self-interested as always. Too bad Radovid couldn't take her tongue, too.

Objective	Reward
For recovering the Sunstone	500 XP
Escaping the Elven Ruins
This ends the quest "The Sunstone", but we're not done here yet. Plenty of loot to be had, and we can't just vanish like Phillipa. Head through a doorway to the south-east and follow the tunnel beyond, climb a ledge and turn south-east up some stairs, where you'll find a pair of Ghosts (level thirty-one) waiting for you.

Head south-west up a slop, climb a ledge, then turn north-west and head up some more stairs. Continue north-west over a broken stone walkway and loot a chest behind a stalagmite to the west as you go. Climb onto another ruined walkway and continue up some stairs to the north, then turn east. Drop down off the stone walkway (temporarily ignoring the walkway to the east for now) and continue east along the cave floor, where you'll find two chests to loot, both to the north against the stonework, the one further east being submerged in some water.

Climb back onto the stonework and continue east, leaping gaps when necessary. Turn north-west and, when there's a gap in the walkway, drop down to find a chest south of the western walkway. Climb onto the walkway when you're done looting its chest, then continue up some stairs to the north-west, disposing of three Ghosts (level thirty-one) when you reach the top.

Go through a doorway to the south-west and turn north-west when you must to find two chests to plunder. Backtrack to where you fought the trio of Ghosts and head through another doorway to the north-west and scale a series of ledges, then follow the linear tunnel beyond until you have to drop down a ledge into a watery chamber. Kill another Ghost (level thirty-one) then turn south-east to spot a doorway, beyond which you should see daylight... if it's day out, of course. First, continue south-west to find a mighty haul of four chests. Loot them, then return back to the north-east, head through the doorway to the south-east, go up some stairs, and finally exit the ruins.

Yorg's Sister
You're now north-west of Rogne. Hey! Look at that! We got all those annoying events up here done. Groovy. Return to Rogne, where you'll see some villagers talking north-west of town. A little girl will run off. Track her down and talk to her to find out (if the name didn't give it away) that she's Yorg's sister, and she'll tell us why Yorg was chained to the rocks along the northern coast of Ard Skellig. Eh... kind of hard to call this one...

Anyways, it's time to deal with "Child of the Elder Blood". Head to town and sell off all the excess loot you undoubtedly gathered in the Elven Ruins.

Child of the Elder Blood
Our destination is a rather insignificant island on the western edge of Skellige-west of Kaer Trolde, west of the "Eldberg Lighthouse" signpost, and due north of the Isle of Mists, which is you remember was on the north-western end of Undvik. Anyways, at this location are two islands-our destination is the north-western coast of the larger, southern of the two islands. Sail west, or if you have "The Pali Gap Coast" signpost, just fast-travel there.

Child of the Elder Blood (level 31)
Either way you get there, reach "The Pali Gap Coast" signpost and head south-east to find the entrance to some ruins. Continue south-east to find Yennefer and Ciri. Talk to the former and she'll work some magic that gives you access to the rest of the laboratory... but only after waking a Golem (level twenty-eight). Kill it and continue south-east to find cozy little chamber.

After the cutscene wait around for Yennefer to discover something (you can use your Witcher Senses to discover some trivial information about Avallac'h-namely that he has a sweet tooth) then head south-west and talk to Yennefer to learn what she uncovered. Head north-east, then turn south-east and head down some stairs to the south-west, then go down another flight of stairs to the south-east and search to the south-west to discover a genealogy, which prompts more discussion between the three.


The Wild Hunt (Continued)
Ciri: Confidence or Doubt #4 - The Tantrum
Now search to the north-east and go through a door to find a bedroom. An occupied bedroom. After some rude words, Geralt and Yennefer will try to cheer Ciri up, giving you another opportunity to boost her confidence or cause doubt to stir behind her troubled brow. During a timed dialogue decision say "Go for it." to be a bad role model and indulge Ciri's temper tantrum, boosting her confidence, or say "Calm down." to cause her to doubt herself.

Ciri: Confidence or Doubt #5 - Last Respects for Skjall
Leave the laboratory and talk to Ciri, who will make another request of you, giving you yet another chance to influence her. She'll ask aboout Skjall, and when she gets the bad news, she'll ask you to accompany her to the grave. During a time dialogue response say "Yeah, I'll go with you." to start the quest "Skjall's Grave" and boost Ciri's confidence, or say "No time." to burden her with more doubt. If you started "Skjall's Grave", do that quest next, otherwise, skip to "On Thin Ice".

Objective	Reward
For searching Avallac'h's laboratory	300 XP
Skjall's Grave (level 28)
Ciri and Geralt will head to Hindarsfjall, where Ciri will look for Skjall's grave. What you say here doesn't matter, so feel free to respond how you wish. Ciri will see that Skjall is given the burial he deserves, and will react poorly when some Skelligers challenge her. When you two leave you'll get a chance to head back to Kaer Trolde with Ciri, or pass and mess around some more. Traveling back to Kaer Trolde doesn't lock you into anything, though-it's just a free trip. This will be your last chance to complete side quests, visit merchants, and prepare before you confront the Wild Hunt. When you're ready, head on board the ship and talk Avallac'h to complete "Battle Preparations" and start "On Thin Ice".

Objective	Reward
For paying your respects to Skjall	XP Varies
The Final Battle
On Thin Ice (level 30)
Tell Avallac'h you're ready to confront Eredin and you'll sail out. No turning back now. Discuss battle plans, then Avallac'h will give you one last chance to see to any business you have. If you're ready, agree to go with him. Avallac'h will operate the Sunstone, and for better or worse, you'll get the response you're looking for.

Ciri vs. Caranthir
As Ciri-or rather, Super-Ciri (she's not holding back anymore!) kill a trio of Wild Hunt Warriors (level twenty-nine) then head north-east, massacring all that stands in your way-everything in your way. Turn north-west when you must and drop off a ledge to find the mage you're looking for. Caranthir doesn't stand a chance here-hit him three times with Fast Attacks, then dodge until he lowers his guard or reappears, then repeat. When he's wounded you'll get a cutscene.

Geralt vs. Caranthir
Another simple battle-drink a combat potion (Thunderbolt works well) then get to the attack. Use Fast Attacks-Caranthir won't counter, but after you hit him once or twice he'll teleport away. He'll shoot ice blasts at you, either in a wave formation or in succession, which deal light damage and slow you down. Quen helps, but you're probably better off just dodging/rolling towards him so you can get back on the attack. Keep the pressure up and fight offensively and you'll be fine. The only other trick he has is to summon an Ice Elemental (level thirty) which can be cut down quickly enough-make them a priority when they appear so you can get back to focusing on Caranthir.

When the mage loses he'll make one last desperate attempt to thwart Geralt by teleporting them. Swim to the surface and witness another scene then head uphill, drop down a ledge, and run north-west past some Skelligers who are fighting some Hounds of the Wild Hunt (level twenty-seven). They keep spawning, so there's no point in fighting them all. Drop down another ledge and run across a boat trapped in ice, continuing north-east and dropping down a few more ledges to find the Naglfar-the Wild Hunt's massive ship.

Geralt vs. Eredin
Board the ship to witness Crach fighting Eredin, after which Geralt arrives. The two won't waste much time with pleasantries. Time to show him your spins, pirouettes and feints. He'll shortly teleport us to a more fitting-and open-battlefield, but if you're quick, you can score a cheap hit on him before he does.

Eredin has two attack routines-when he's above 50% health he'll teleport about and perform sword combos, although he's not as aggressive as a combatant as Imlerith was. Caranthir was all about offense and doggedly pursuing your foe. Eredin is the opposite. Cast Quen and dodge around until he appears and starts performing an attack combo, then hit him with a Strong Attack while he's attacking. This will rarely cause you to take a hit, and will typically knock him out of his attack routine. Don't get greedy and go for more-he'll start blocking subsequent attacks, so just start dodging again. Simply put-dodge, and when he starts attacking, hit him with a Strong Attack, and repeat.

He does have some more sophisticated attacks, however. Occasionally he'll get some distance on you and summon some ice mines. The mines are easy enough to dodge, but dodge (or roll, or sprint) towards Eredin while he does this and not only will you evade his mines, you'll be able to score another free hit on him and knock him out of the attack. Other than that, when he's below 50% health he'll add another attack to his arsenal-he'll teleport away and slash the ground, sending lines of energy at you. He'll do this three times, in succession, first shooting one line, then three, then five, making the last fairly difficult to dodge, especially if you're too close or too far away.

Deplete his health with the aformentioned Strong Attack and dodge strategy and he'll teleport away. Run to his portal to finish the fight on his boat. He'll tell you some unsettling news before he dies. Guess those "spins, pirouettes and feints" were too much for the King of the Wild Hunt.

Objective	Reward
For defeating Eredin	500 XP
Tedd Deireadh, The Final Age (level 30)
Yennefer will pull Geralt out of a sticky situation, then talk to him, where Geralt will reveal what Eredin told him, and Yennefer will make a troubling observation of her own. Follow Yennefer on foot as the symptoms of the Conjunction grow worse, then mount a horse when she tells you to. Dodge meteorites and monsters as you contine following Yennefer on horseback-she does everything in her power to make this as difficult as possible by riding like an idiot.

When you reach your destination dismount and follow Yennefer up a ledge, then wait for her to cast a barrier to protect you from the White Frost. Keep following Yennefer, and stay close to avoid taking damage from the blizzard. Along the way you'll have to kill some Hounds of the Wild Hunt (level twenty-seven) but they're a trifling matter by now. You'll eventually reach your destination, and Yennefer will work her magic-stranding you, but giving you a chance to put a stop to this madness.

It Will End in a Tower
Ascend some stairs and confont Avallac'h. Make a pointless timed decision, then talk to Avallac'h accomplice. Make a final timed decision and Ciri will head off to confront the White Frost. She'll remember the confidence-and-doubt boosting moments she had with Geralt, after which the quest "Tedd Deireadh, The Final Age" ends, and the quest "Something Ends, Something Begins" starts.

Objective	Reward
For confronting Avallac'h	1000 XP
Something Ends, Something Begins
This epilogue quest varies depending on the choices you made throughout the game. If you appear in White Orchard, read the text under the heading "Confidence and a Crown". If you appear in Vizima, follow the text under "The Witcheress". If you appear in Velen, consult the text under the heading "Doubt, Death, and Despair".

Confidence and a Crown
You will get this ending if you mostly made choices that boosted Ciri's confidence and you took her to see Emhyr before the quest "Bald Mountain".

You're now in White Orchard. After a bit of chatter, talk to Dandelion and Zoltan if you wish, then leave the tavern and enter the snow-covered village beyond. Head west and, after a peasant bothers you, continue west to reach the notice board. From here, head south-west to reach Mislav's hut and talk to the hunter, then head east to find Ciri. Chat with her a bit, then head south-east to return to the Royal Griffin's nest. Fend off a Forktail (level thirty) then chat with Ciri, who seems rather upset at something.

Geralt decides to take her fishing to cheer her up. Follow her to the lake, then chuck a bomb at a bear to scare it off. Collect four fish on the ice near the fishing hole, then follow Ciri back to town. They'll chat and play around as they go, reminiscing about Kaer Morhen as they go. When you approach White Orchard, however, Geralt is in for a surprise, and Ciri will explain why she's so despondant, and the two will part company once again.

Objective	Reward
For scaring off the Bear	200 XP
The Witcheress
You will get this ending if you mostly made choices that boosted Ciri's confidence and you did not take her to see Emhyr before the quest "Bald Mountain".

Geralt will visit Emhyr and update him on Ciri, after which Emhyr makes clear that he never wants to see Geralt again. Fair enough. Geralt will then appear in White Orchard and chat with some folks before moving on. Ride to the Nilfgaardian Garrison and meet a man there, who will deliver a sword to you. Make your way back to the tavern in White Orchard, where Geralt will give the sword over to an aspiring new Witcheress...

Doubt, Death, and Despair
You will get this ending if you mostly made choices that caused Ciri to doubt herself.

Talk to a Werewolf named Barem and it'll lead you to what Geralt seeks-the lone surviving Crone who made off with Ciri's medallion. Follow him until you reach a camp. Say what you will, then fight off the Hunters (level two). Follow Barem to the Orphanage to confront the Weavess. Geralt's not here to make friends, and a battle with the Weavess will ensue. Kill her and the Drowners (level four) and the Water Hag (level twenty-eight) that join her. Afterwards, Geralt will ransack the house the Weavess was in and reclaim Ciri's amulet.

Objective	Reward
For killing the Hunters	180 XP
For killing the Weavess	900 XP
Other Resolutions (Spoilers!)
After completing the epilogue you'll see the conclusion of other stories, including the fate of the north, Skellige, Emhyr, and, of course, Geralt himself, depending on the choices you made. There will be spoilers here.

The Fate of the North
If you did not complete the quest "Reason of State" Radovid remained in power and protected the north from Nilfgaard. The north might have been preserved, but only under the rule of a madman, who continued murdering mages and nonhumans unopposed.

If you allowed Dijkstra to take control after completing "Reason of State", he'll have taken control of the north and repelled Nilfgaard. His rule proves enlightened-but ruthless, prosperous, but pragmatic.

If you opposed Dijkstra after completing "Reason of State", the north was conquered, being deprived of the only two men who could turn back the Nilfgaardian legions. Temeria, however, thanks to the support of Vernon Roche and the rest of the partisans, secured its continued nationhood as a vassal of Nilfgaard.

The Fate of Skellige
Skellige prospers with Cerys as queen, for the first time focusing on improving Skellige itself, instead of raiding the continent. Peace and prosperity reigns, but some of the fabled Skelliger bloodthirstiness was lost in the transition to a more civilized lifestyle.

Hjalmar remained an irascible, honor-bound red-blooded Skelliger, constantly raiding Nilfgaard regardless of the cost to Skellige, and Skellige traditions remained more or less untouched under his rule.

Svaringe, to the surprise of all, led Skellige with an iron hand. However, he had no mind for tradition, and tired of the Jarl's constant insubordination. Eventually he succeeds at subjugating all of Skellige to an absolute monarchy, but only after much bloodshed.

The Fate of Emhyr
If you did not complete the quest "Reason of State" or you allowed Dijkstra to take over afterwards, the war in the north failed, and support for Emhyr faded back home. Ultimately the "White Flame Dancing on the Graves of His Foes" fell victim to a coup.

If you completed the quest "Reason of State" and sided with the Temerian rebels, Emhyr conqured the north, and, due to his string of victories, earned the continued support of his subjects. Those who had intrigued against him were disposed in typically ruthless fashion, further cementing his power.

The Fate of Ciri
If you did not take Ciri to meet Emhyr before the quest "Bald Moutain" and she survived the White Frost, she'll take up the trade of a Witcher and roam the northlands, practicing her craft.

Alternatively, if you took her to meet Emhyr before the quest "Bald Mountain" and she survived the White Frost, she'll take up her father's offer to become his heir. After he abdicates, she'll become the Empress of Nilfgaard, where she might do more good for the world than she would as a Witcheress.

The Fate of Geralt
If you tried to romance both Triss and Yennefer, Geralt will continue doing what he's been doing-living on the road, eeking out a meager living as an itinerant monster-slayer.

If you romanced Yennefer, life is good. The two of you live away from the world and its politics, stay in bed late, and live a carefree life.

If you romanced Triss, Geralt goes to live with Triss, who becomes wealthy serving the king of Kovir. Geralt continues to ply his trade as his whims demand, but mostly he lives a life of luxury, happily ever after with Triss.

Post-Game Play
The game is over-the main story, anyways, but you aren't necessarily done playing. You can now continue playing the game from where you left off... but of course, no main-story progression is possible. Still, if you have some treasure hunts, contracts, or side-quests to complete, now's the time!
