Abandoned Site
Leave the lakeside cottage and follow the larger road east until you find an "Abandoned Site" along the road. Abandoned, presumably, because of the Ghouls lurking around. Exterminate them and some Peasants will return to their shrine. Among these are a Herbalist, who will sell you a variety of goodies, including formula for White Gull, Dwarven Spirit, Grave Hag Decoction, Earth Elemental Decoction, and Nightwraith Decoction. The prices are, however, cumulatively steep. Also of note is the fact that he sells Saltpeter, which is an ingredient we need to make bombs. Buy yourself some Saltpeter, then make yourself a Samum bomb by going into your menu and picking the "Alchemy" sub-menu.

Objective	Reward
For clearing the Abandoned Site	XP 90
Note: Making a Samum bomb will add two of the devices to your inventory-the most you can have on you at any one time. Used bombs will be automatically replenished when you meditate by consuming various alcohol that might be in your inventory.

Place of Power
Before we get to those Monster Nests-and believe me, we will-head south-west of the Abandoned Site that's no longer quite so abandoned. You'll shortly come across another delicious Place of Power, which is guarded by a level 6 Bear. As intimidating as the black behemoth might seem, however, its attacks are predictable and pretty easy to dodge. Use the Quen Sign to absorb any accidents and perform the tried-and-true Strong Atack and dodge strategy until it's defeated. Once done, draw from the Place of Power and enjoy your extra ability point.

Monster Nests
There are two Monster Nests we can destroy now, and by doing so we can consider all the north-eastern part of the map more or less complete. First, and obviously is the one near the Place of Power by the battlefield. Simple enough, fast travel to Cackler Bridge, walk up to the nest (destroy any Ghouls who may have respawned in your absence) and with the Samum bombs equipped, simply walk up to the nest and press [X]. Walk away like a badass and let the nest explode, then loot the remains of the nest. The second nest is near where we began the game. Head south-east across the battlefield, through the ruined camp, and to the road beyond. From here continue south, pass over another, smaller road, and head downhill to find another Ghoul Nest (this is south-east of the Crossroads signpost). Eradicate any Ghouls and repeat the process above. Looting nests should earn you a Gold and Ruby Ring, which is worth a bit of coin, but can also be broken down into a Gold Nugget and a Ruby. All in all, it might be a better idea to hang onto them, in case you need to scrap them later.

Objective	Reward
For destroying a Ghoul Nest	20 XP
For destroying... another Ghoul Nest!	20 XP
Exploring Northern White Orchard
Return to White Orchard village, repair, sell, all that other fun stuff. When you're ready, it's time to set out again. This time we're going to be exploring the broad stretch of land north of White Orchard, across the river. To start out, head to the river north of town and, when you find a dock, dive in the river and swim up the river to the north-west. Keep your Witcher Senses active as you swim, and you should spot treasure in the water-one treasure chest under a fisherman in his boat, and two more chests as you swim up river, all possibly containing quality loot.

A Frying Pan, Spick and Span
Once you score the third chest, surface and turn south-west to spot a house on the shore. Swim to shore, loot the sacks on the smalldock nearby, then talk to the Old Woman standing outside. This is a mistake. The Old Woman goes off on a mighty tirade. Long story short, she needs you to break into her house and recover her pan.

Use Aard on the door then head inside. In the first room you'll find a number of containers to loot (including a chest in the corner which main contain a diagram, formula, or piece of equipment). Head north-west into the second room to discover a corpse-one of the two men the Old Woman mentioned earlier. Loot the room, including a chest lying on its side that might also yield worthwhile gear, then activate your Witcher Senses and search the Silver Monocle on the floor, then the corpse. head into the room to the south-west, activate your Witcher Senses, then search the stove to discover soem partially burned papers near an oven. Finally, loot a shelf then grab the pan the old lady keeps whining about. Geralt will notice that the pan-described as old and sooty-has been scraped clean by her guests, and the soot was used to make a crude ink. Leave the house and given the Old Woman her pan-and some advice. She'll decide one good turn deserves another, and give you a reward... such as she can afford.

Objective	Reward
For returning the Old Woman's pan	10 XP
Bread x5
Apple Juice x5
Baked Apple x5
Hidden Treasure
From the Old Woman's house follow the road running along the river to the north-west until you find a bridge leading north-east across the river. Be wary along this road, as Wolves prowl the wilderness west of the road, perhaps led by the odd Warg. Wolves are fast, like to attack in packs, and can present a somewhat difficult target. The best way to fight them is to keep your guard up, and when you block an attack, instantly counter with some Fast Attacks. Using Igni whenever you have the Stamina for it will also help shorten fights, and it provides some crowd control.

The situation isn't much better when you reach the bridge, which is likely crawling with Drowners. North of the bridge, on the western shore, you'll find the body of a soldier. Search it to obtain the Temerian Lily Key. Once this is in your possession, head into the water north of the bridge and dive to discover a chest, inside of which you'll find, amongst other loot, some Blood-soaked Military Orders. Grabbing the Military Orders starts the quest "Temerian Valuables", and reading them in your inventory will update the quest. You can also swim up the river a bit and nab some Buckthorn from the river bottom. You'll need this stuff later, but it doesn't hurt to grab it now. As if that's not enough, if you swim south of the bridge you can find more Buckthorn and another generous treasure chest-this chest isn't part of any quest, however. Just a reward for being diligent... and willing to get your feet (and everything else, for that matter) wet.

Temerian Valuables (level 4)
Cross the Bridge to the north-east, then follow the road until it branches off into many paths at the "Mills" signpost. Follow the road to the north-east, up a hill and under a wooden structure decorated with a deer skull. East of the road are some buildings worth exploring. The southern-most one-the mill-has a variety of containers around it that can be looted, at least, along the eastern and southern sides of the structure. Under a more modest, straw-roofed structure to the north-east you'll find a chest which may contain some exceptional loot.

The building further north-east is, at a glance, empty, but inside, along the south-eastern end of the house, you'll find some poorly concealed stairs leading down into a cellar. Head down the stairs and use your Aard Sign to coax a door open, then proceed beyond the debris to find no fewer than four chests waiting for some certain Witcher to loot them. Looting the chest furthest from the door (it glows red when using your Witcher Senses) requires the Temerian Lily Key we found earlier, and doing so will complete the quest "Temerian Valuables".

Place of Power
There's another, less interesting farm house build upon (and into, really) a hill to the north, but it has a door that's determined to keep us out, Aard be damned. There are a few sacks that can be looted out front, however. Return to the Mill signpost and follow a smaller road north to reach the White Orchard Cemetery. Pass a statue (probably of the goddess Melitele) to find a Place of Power in front of a modest chapel. As you approach you'll be attacked by a Wraith. This incorporeal critter likes to teleport around and attempts to score cheap shots while doing so-keep Quen up to deflect the lucky hits it may land, and dodge to keep these to a minimum. When it leaves itself open, respond with a Strong Attack. Once its health is reduces to around 50% it'll vanish. Jerk. Draw from the Place of Power to gain another ability point, then head over to the chapel.

Guarded Treasure
Search near the door with your Witcher Senses to spot some odd hand prints. Hmm... Strange. Blast the door open with Aard and head inside. So much for subtlety. Go down some stairs and through an open gate door and our friendly Wraith from earlier will appear, still wounded. Same thing as before, except in an enclosed space, it might be somewhat more difficult to dodge. Once the Wraith is dead, let the sweet, sweet looting begin. To the east you'll find two corpses to loot, one of which presumably belongs to the Witcher we read about in the "Interrogation Report" who was falsely accused and chose a trial by combat. Seems he didn't fare so well against the Wraith. To our gain, though, he had on him a "Letter From Witcher Kolgrim of the Viper School" and the Diagram: Serpentine Silver Sword. Like the Serpentine Steel Sword, this Silver Sword is likely a nice upgrade over what we're currently using. Alas, it too requires Emerald Dust, which is quite expensive, but it can be purchased from Willis. To the north, against a wall, you'll find a chest containing some nice loot, and nearby another corpse is resting against a pillar.

Leave the crypt, the chapel, then the cemetery entirely, heading north until you find a road running... more or less east-west. Travel west until you spot some hanged corpses north of the road, which mark the edge of a Nilgaardian camp further north. More of that Nilfgaardian "civilization" it seems. The camp is occupied by a few soldiers, but more importantly, it's got some loot. Of course, this stuff doesn't belong to you, and unlike peasants, the soldiers will get angry if they see you molesting their goods. Most of the stuff isn't worth bothering with, but behind one of the tents is a chest full of quality loot, including the Diagram: Exploding Bolt. Just wait until there aren't any soldiers who can see you, and loot the chest (you'll get a warning if you're spotted, which gives you a chance to back out.) Before you get cute, these guards tend to be around level 15. Yes, that means any common Nilfgaardian Soldiers is more than a match for a century-old legendary Witcher. It makes no sense, but that's how sequels are...

Monster Nest/Place of Power
From the Nilgaardian camp head north-east into the wood. Eventually you should come across a number of out-of-place standing stones, in the midst of which is a Place of Power... and as near the battlefield, a Ghoul's Nest is nearby. Maybe Ghouls like nesting near Places of Power? Or maybe Places of Power like springing up near Ghoul Nests? No, that's stupid... Anyways, kill the Ghouls, plant a bomb, blow it up, loot the nest, and gain your Ability Point from the Place of Power.

Objective	Reward
For destroying yet another Ghoul Nest	20 XP
Note: Occasionally, when you go to blow up the nest, more Ghouls will appear to defend it. Killing these reinforcements will earn you 75 experience.

Hidden Treasure
Return back south to the house near the mill (the one where the treasure from the quest "Temerian Valuables" was located) and from this house head north-east into the wilderness. Eventually you should come across a campsite-Nilfgaardian, by the look of the shields lying around. Now, however, all you'll find here are a pack of Wolves and maybe some Wild Dogs. Try to avoid fighting them all at once, and when they're slain, loot the camp. There are plenty of sacks and barrels to loot, but the real prize is the chest in the tent. Inside, amongst various quality loot, you'll find some "Scrawled Notes". Picking them up starts the quest "Dirty Funds", and reading them updates it. Just so happens the Bandit Camp mentioned in these notes are east of here. Well, it would be a shame not to follow up on this information...