Velen (Continued)
Place of Power
Swim around until you reach a small island along the north-western edge of the larger island. Along the eastern coast of this small island you should find a Place of Power, which is good for another Ability Point. Draw it and note the light house on the cliffs above you. Also not the raised drawbridge that connects the light house to the mainland. Clearly we're not getting up there that way. Ironically, we're going to have to swim down to reach dry land above us.

Entrance (level 10)
Dive off the south-eastern end of the island to find a cave leading under where the Place of Power stands. Drowners (level ten) pollute the water here. Again, use the crossbow to thin their numbers if you have to, or just swim past them. Eventually you'll come to cliff you can scale, so surface and do so. Your reward for your daring swim is a check full of superior loot just east of the water. Nearby you'll find some rocks you can scale. Do so twice, then climb a ladder to reach Lornruk.

Lornruk (level 14)
Head up some stairs, loot a chest and a parcel, then head up more stairs and loot two chests and three parcels. Score. Head through a doorway to the south-west, then turn south-east and use a winch to lower the drawbridge. Run across the drawbridge to discover the "Lornruk" signpost. It's also a good time to save your game, in case something goes wrong.

Return to Lornruk and head to the door you came out of. There's a ladder here which leads to an upper level, where you'll find two chests to loot, a grindstone, and some other containers. We're here for the chest next to the grindstone, along the south-eastern wall. Unfortunately the place is guarded by a territorial Wyvern (level fourteen) which will make short work of a low-level Witcher. You have to try to scale the ladder, quickly grab the contents of the chest ("Crafting Notes" and the Diagram: Griffin Silver Sword) then climb back down (or fall down, taking some damage, if you must). If you succeed, you'll have the diagram for a very potent level seven Silver Sword, which will make many future quests much, much easier.

If you're feeling adventurous, you can also loot the tower nearby-there are containers worth searching on the first floor and the third. Near the chest on the third floor is the note "Dobromir's Journal". If you proceed to the roof, however, you will certainly provoke the Wyvern. Once you've obtained your prize, it's time to head back to the "Hanged Man's Tree" signpost.

Note: After completing some main quests, the Wyvern here will be driven ----- off and some students-presumably from Oxenfurt-will be rummaging around here.

Harpy Feeding Ground
From here if you follow the road south-east, the south until it bisects a road running north-east you'll find the "Harpy Feeding Ground" signpost, which is fittingly infested with Harpies (level seven). There's also a chest lying around nearby for you to loot if you can clear out enough of the pests to see to it. This has nothing to do with obtaining any Griffin gear, but it's worth doing, since we're so close to it.

The next part of the quest actually requires us to fight a powerful foe, which you probably shouldn't attempt until you're level seven and you have the Griffin Silver Sword. That being the case, you can either run around and grind until you're level seven (yes, monsters here actually can give you enough experience to make this tedious, but possible) or continue on with "The Nilfgaardian Connection", as main quests tend to be pretty lucrative. A good spot to grind is east of Mulbrydale, a village south of Hanged Man's Tree. Here you'll find the "Devil's Pit" signpost, north of which is a Bandit Camp, south of which is a field where Nekkers (level six) like to spawn. Killing the latter can prove to be a worthwhile endeavor. In any event, we'll revisit this quest later.

The Nilfgaardian Connection
Mulbrydale
Enough difficult side-quest stuff for now, It's time to search for Ciri. From the "Hanged Man's Tree" head south along the road until you reach a small village. There's not much to see and do here, but we might as well grab the notices on the Notice Board while we're here. Of the six notices on the board, on the last one, "Missing Wife" starts a quest "Wild at Heart".

Funeral Pyres (level 3)
When you're done in Mulbrydale, head out along a road to the south-west and follow it until you find a Priest of the Eternal Fire standing north of the road, along with two guards. Talk to the priest (who is slightly less rude than his guards) and he'll tell you the good news-you get to serve the Cult of the Eternal Fire by burning some bodies, hence depriving some Necrophages of a meal. He even promises to pay us. Well... Ciri's been alright this long, another diversion won't hurt. Agree to his request and he'll give you some oils-time to find three bodies lying around that need to be cremated.

The first pile of bodies lies to north, so head across the field in the direction of the quest marker. Soon enough Geralt will find the spot of a skirmish, where Necrophages have already gathered. Kill a quartet of Ghouls (levels two and four), then pour the oil on the bodies and give the oily mess a shot of Igni.

Objective	Reward
For cremating the first pile of bodies	10 XP
Backtrack south to where the priest was, then head south-west to find the second pile of bodies at the end of a small road. A Rotfiend and some Wild Dogs lurk nearby-dispose of them, apply the oil, and ignite them with Igni.

Objective	Reward
For incinerating the second pile of bodies	10 XP
Two down, one to go. From here head south-east to find the third pile of bodies, which is a short distance north of the road running along the southern end of the island, a good distance south-east of Mulbrydale. Here you'll find a man named Titus Gielas under assault from a pack of Ghouls (levels two and four). Fight off the Necrophages and save Titus, who will tell you that our good priest lied about his motivations. He's got an interest in the Fisstech trade, and these bodies he had us burning belong to his victims-or intended victims, in the case of Titus. Finish burning the third pile of corpses, then head back north-it's time to pay our wayward priest a visit.

Objective	Reward
For feeding the third pile of bodies to the flames	10 XP
For discovering the priest's true motivations	25 XP
Our priest has now moved to an area near the northern coast between the Border Post and Hindhold. Find him and his two henchmen loitering under a shelter. When you talk to him and tell him that you've done his task, Geralt will automatically bring up the Fisstech dealer. When confronted with this, the priest will offer to buy your eternal silence. If you refuse the bribe, he'll try to earn your eternal silence in another fashion. They're push-overs, despite what they might think about their three-to-one odds, and the priest can be looted for a whopping 200 Crowns. Geralt doesn't seem to be the type to enjoy being jerked around, but as a Witcher, it's not his job to seek justice for drug deals gone bad. Whether your Geralt is incorruptable and turns down the bribe, or whether he's glad to just be done with the business, is up to you.

Objective	Reward
For taking the bribe	50 XP
60 Crowns
For turning down the bribe	50 XP
Deserter for Drowners (level 4)
Now that we're done with that little diversion, return to Mulbrydale and make another attempt at running down the road to the south-west. Continue on until it bisects another road near the coast, this one running north-south. At the point where the three roads bisect you'll hear a man calling for help off the road to the south-west, near the shore. Go investigate and you'll find a soldier named John Verdun being pestered by two Drowners (level four). Eradicate them, and talk to poor John. He'll tell you he's a Temerian deserter who, when some refugees heard about his cowardice, decided to tie him up and offer him to the Drowners. It's not really very Witchery to leave him to his fate, so lend him a hand and he'll be grateful. Sadly, gratitude is about all he has to offer you.

Objective	Reward
For rescuing John Verdun	25 XP
Inn at the Crossroads
Follow the nearby road to the north-west until you come to another three-way fork, this time following the road to the south-west. Cross a ford (the same ford you might have crossed earlier, during the quest "Contract: Woodland Beast") and continue on until you find the "Inn at the Crossroads" signpost. Search the Notice Board and grab the notice "Missing: Mikel", which starts the quest "Contract: Missing Brother"... a quest with a whopping suggest level of 33. Simply put, we won't be doing it for a while.

Head inside the inn and talk to some peasants near the Innkeep to learn a bit about the area-the "Baron" we heard about in Vizima apparently has claimed this land by right of might. You can also find Bruno, who will give us information about his brother (now spelled Mikkel), but we don't need to bother with that just yet.

Talk to the Innekeeper and ask him for Hendrik. When information doesn't seem forthcoming, Geralt asks for a drink. The peasants will scamper off, and the Innkeep, sensing trouble, offers to sneak Geralt out back. Before anything can be done, however, a trio of armed and armored men will show up. With all the swagger and bravado of dead men walking, they'll pester Geralt.

You'll have a series of timed responses you can make-pick the first option and you'll end up in a fight. Pick the second option and the three will decide not to tangle with a Witcher, and the worst Geralt will suffer is some insults about his profession. With the third option, Geralt can offer to buy them drinks. Even that's not enough to win them over, however-continue by telling them you're heading ot Novigrad, then either ask for information about the Baron, then end with "Cheers" to avoid a fight.

If you end up in a fight, you'll have to dispatch the three Bandits (level four). If you tarry too long in the inn, more Bandits (level five) will arrive, and the Innkeeper is only too quick to rat you out. If things end up peacefully you can finish talking to the Innkeeper around a corner. Either way, learn that Hendrik is in Heatherton, where the Innkeeper claims to have seen a "strange glow" earlier.

Endeavor to keep the peace, as afterwards you'll be able to talk to the Innkeeper again (it'll also allow you to advance a quest more easily later). Ask him for more information about the Baron and his namesake to learn that the Baron has holed himself up in Crow's Perch, and despite his tyranny, the name comes from a rather benign incident.

After this, peruse his wares to find that he sells a couple of Gwent cards-Nilfgaardian ones-include the Siege Engineer (6 Strength), the ever-useful Imperia Bridgade Guard (3 Strength, Tight Bond ability), a Nausicaa Cavalry Rider card (2 Strength, Tight Bond ability), and Emhyr Var Emreis, Emperor of Nilfgaard. The unit cards all cost 20 Crowns, while the leader card costs 50. Once you're done, play him at cards. He's got a rather weak Nilfgaardian deck-just be wary of the card "Villentretenmerth", a 7 Strength close combat card which will kill the strongest close combat card(s) you have in play, if you have more than 10 Strength in that row. He also might use Scorch to kill the strongest units in play, and Commander's Horn, which doubles the Strength of all units in a row. Defeating him will earn you the Menno Coehoorn card, a close combat hero cart with 10 Strength and the Medic ability... a very good card, even if it's only for Nilfgaardian decks.

Objective	Reward
For defeating the Innkeep at the Inn at the Crossroads in Gwent	25 XP
Menno Coehoorn Card
Bandit Camp (level 7)
Before we head off to Heatherton, let's take a brief detour to deal with some pests. Most of the events on the northern end of this island are too much for us to handle right now, but one event is well within our means. From the Inn at the Crossroads follow the road north-west to find a Bandit Camp. Kill the Bandits (level seven) and loot their treasure.

A Troll in Distress
Head west to reach the western shore, then follow the coast north until you find a poor Troll being beset by some Nekkers (level two). Kill the Nekkers and the Troll will thank you for your help... kind of. After Geralt ensures that the Troll isn't eating humans, he goes on his merry way... but not before the Troll gives him a rather vile present.

Objective	Reward
For helping the Troll to fend off the Nekkers	25 XP
Heatherton
Now for a long, boring trek. From the Inn at the Crossroads head west along a road, ignoring a fork to the north (which leads to a Bandit Camp) along the way. Cross some marshy lowlands, then, when the road forks near some peasants congregating near a shrine, take the road to the north-west. When you reach another fork, take the south-western branch, which will take you, finally, to Heatherton. Shortly after the fork you'll find some Bandits (levels five and six) looting corpses on the road. Kill them and continue on to your destination.

Objective	Reward
For killing the Bandits	10 XP
Pass an outlying hut (which has some low-quality goodies to loot inside) then approach the village of Heatherton. Geralt will comment on-and you should notice-the odd mist. Oh, and the fact that in an otherwise temperate location there's snow covering the houses. Probably not a good sign. Explore the houses along the southern end of the village and Geralt will note that they weren't looted, and that the town looks recently lived in.

Go north to find a Survivor being harrassed by some Wild Dogs (level two). Kill the mutts, then Geralt will calm the Survivor down with Axii. After the survivor takes a seat, he'll tell Geralt that Hendrik apparently had a bad day... not that, by the looks of things, anybody in Heatherton seems to have come out in a good way. Ask him for more information and he'll inform you-through a cutscene-what happened in Heatherton, and to Hendrik, specifically.

Go to the third house along the southern end of the village to find the body of Hendrik, who is a bloody mess. Use your Witcher Senses to highlight it, then search him, more specifically, his boots, to find a key. Go into the next room and search the hay to discover a trap door in the floor, which we can open with Hendrik's key. Search a candle on the wall, then investigate a chest in a cubby along the north-western wall to find a ledger. Read the entries and Geralt will pick up on two of Hendrik's leads, starting the quests "Bloody Baron" and "Hunting a Witch". Before you leave loot the chest in this room to score some Crowns, then note the poster in the northern room. Apparently the daughter of the Bloody Baron is missing. This will probably come up again.

Objective	Reward
For finding Hendrik's information	100 XP
Enroute to Crow's Perch
The two leads we have require us to head to Crow's Perch (south-east) or far south to Malcose. Since Crow's Perch is closer, we'll head there, first... but there are some worthwile detours to take along the way.

Bandit Camp (level 7)
From Heatherton head south along the road until, some distance south, you come across a four-way split. At this split is a Bandit Camp. Kill the Bandits (level seven) outside the nearby house, then loot the chest near the door. There are more goodies inside, but nothing exceptional.

Defender of the Faith (level 10)
Take the road south, and when that road splits, head west until you find a Peasant lady in distress. Talk to her and she'll babble about having to repair a shrine to appease some being named "Verna". Agree to help her and Geralt will go through the great effort of lifting the wooden image up. Once set into place the woman will praise you as the new official shrine-fixer. Geralt tells her he already has a profession, and she equates being a Witcher with fighting evil... and nothing's more evil than vandals! Offer to help repair any more damaged shrines you see and be about your business. The other shrines are further south-past Malcose, so we'll get to them... eventually.

Objective	Reward
For repairing the shrine	10 XP
Blackbough
When you arrive in Blackbough, rest until day time so you can play Gwent with Merchant along the eastern end of town, and a Blacksmith to the south-west. The cards you'll get for winning are random, and neither of them are overly challenging opponents.

The Blacksmith will also sell a variety of diagrams, as well as "Adalbert Kermith's Second Map". These maps-which are sold by various craftsmen and merchants throughout the game-give you information pertaining to various Witcher gear you can uncover, and so are well worth purchasing. Read this one to start the quest "Scavanger Hunt: Cat School Gear Upgrade Diagrams - Part 2". Map or not, this guide will point out when we're opportunisticly close to some Witcher Diagrams, so don't fret too much. The merchant sells "Adalbert Kermith's First Map" which starts the quests "Scavanger Hunt: Cat School Gear" and "Scavenger Hunt: Cat School Gear Upgrade Diagrams - Part 1". It'll be a while before we're a high enough level to mess around with these quests, so put them out of mind for now.

Once that's done head to a house along the north-western edge of town to find Niellen, who posted the notice that gave us the quest "Wild at Heart". Talk to him and he'll tell you about his wife's disappearance. His wife's sister will also interject unhelpfully. Agree to help Niellen, and Hanna's sister will give you the names of people to question.

Wild at Heart (level 7)
Return to the Blacksmith and his brats will pester you. After the Blacksmith tells you to go to Novigrad for swords, Geralt gets around to asking his questions. Turns out the Blacksmith's son saw Hanna go out into the woods with another woman, near dawn. The Blacksmith claims that she's a lost cause if she was out in the woods, due to a pack of Wolves that lurk around-beasts only Niellen is brave enough to deal with. Next talk to Glenna. She, too, blames the Wolves.

Follow a trail out of town to the north-west, then, when you reach a cluster of roads, follow a small trail to the north, past an "Alchemy Supplies" house to the west of the trail, until you reach another trail leading west. Continue along this trail until you find the start of a search area, at the edge of which you should activate your Witcher Senses. Detect some ripples near the center of the search area and head towards them to encounter some Wolves (level six).

Exterminate the wee-doggies and Hanna's sister will show up, telling you to give up the quest and tell Niellen that Hannah is dead. She's even willing to pay you extra to do so. If Geralt questions her, she'll give a rather unconvincing answer... all in all, the whole thing seems suspicious. If you accept her offer, the rewards are listed below-take the money, tell Niellen, and either accept or decline his reward. If you refuse, Hannah will get angry and call your heartless. Said the pot... Or, you can accept her offer, and keep looking anyways. This is the most lucrative choice.

Objective	Reward
For accepting Hanna's sister's offer	72 XP
55 Crowns
For telling Niellen that Hanna is dead, and accepting a reward	45 XP
10 Crowns
For telling Niellen that Hanna is dead, and turning down his reward	27 XP
Search near where the Wolves were to find a dead dog, using your trusty Witcher Senses. Inspect the corpse and Geralt will comment on the wounds. Search some blood nearby, then head east a bit to find another corpse. Geralt surmises the identity, as well as the cause of death-which most certainly calls for a Witcher. Even if you took the money from Hanna's sister earlier, the quest will revive and the objective will change.

Head north-east to find some bloody paw prints. Follow them a short distance and Geralt will find the creature we're tracking skittered up a tree. Geralt doesn't do heights-you'd think a Witcher could climb a tree, but apparently not-so search around the tree for more clues. Damn Werewolf had to come down sometime. North of the tree Geralt will find a tuft of stanky fur on the ground... but now, like any good bloodhound, we've got the beast's scent.

Turn around and activate your Witcher Senses to spot a floating trail of vapor, highlighted red. The stench trail of the Werewolf. Follow the meandering trail from tree to tree, until it ends north-west of the center of the search area, where Geralt will find a man's clothes on the forest floor. Track a sparse trail north-west to find the "Isolated Shack" signpost.

Isolated Shack
Explore the interior of the shack to find plenty of things to loot, save for one chest in the bedroom, which is locked. Pick up some "Mysterious Notes" on the ground and read them to find out that our Werewolf is self-aware, and despite the stubborness of his curse, he's decided to try and cope as best he can. Leave the shack and search around the southern end of the building to pick up a more prominent blood trail, which ultimately leads around to the western side of the shack, where you'll find a door leading down into a cave.

Note: The cures mentioned in the notes-a shirt made of Fool's Parsley and virgin's tears-were both remedies Geralt tried to use to cure another lycanthrope in the first game. In that case, only the power of love was strong enough to keep the beast inside at bay. Presumably it had a similar effect here, but for some reason, it failed to keep Hanna out of danger...

Rest until midnight, prepare any Oils, Potions, or Decoctions you might want, then Aard the door open. Head through the barren tunnels until you reach a large chamber. Shortly you'll be attacked by the Werewolf and its cadre of Wolves (level seven). He's not so tough, but the Wolves can be annoying. Hit them with Igni, dispatch the Wolves, then focus on the Werewolf. Given his speed, fast attacks are probably better here than strong attacks.

After the Werewolf's been beaten nearly to death, Hanna's sister shows up and tries to get you to stop the violence (if you took her reward earlier, Geralt blankly says "I changed my mind." Heh...) Question her motives and she'll identify the Werewolf and reveal her motives. The Werewolf is not pleased. Hanna's sister will proclaim her innocence (to a degree), but the Werewolf doesn't believe her, and is willing to think Hanna's sister had the worst motives in mind.

Make a timed decision-either tell Hanna's sister to flee while you put the Werewolf down, or let the Werewolf kill her. If you choose the latter (a fairly un-Witcherly option, but it wouldn't be the first time Geralt allowed a monster to kill a human) the Werewolf will beg you to kill him, next. The experience is the same either way, but if you kill Werewolf and spare Hanna's sister, you'll get to loot the Werewolf for his juicy Werewolf parts.

You'll also score Niellen's Key, either way, which opens the chest in his shack. He won't be needing its contents anymore. Search the cave for two chests-one along the western wall, and one in a cubby to the south east, then loot the locked chest in the shack, which contains-among other things-the Diagram: Shiadal's Armor. Another item with a level requirement so high we can't do much but dream about it.

Objective	Reward
For killing the Werewolf	45 XP
Abandoned Tower
Now, let's take another diversion to score some loot and fill out our map a little. From the "Isolated Shack" head east until you find a road... which you should keep following east. Eventually you'll come across an "Abandoned Tower", complete with its own signpost and everything. At a glance the place isn't very interesting, what with no apparent way to get inside, and all. Find the corner that's pointing at the road, however, and note the uncut stone running along a wall. The highest point of this uncut stone runs up the side of the tower a significant height-high enough that if you can get Geralt to climb that stone, he can climb from there onto the tower, where you'll find two chests to loot. Once done, carefully pick your way back down.

Monster Nest (level 9)
Save your boots the wear and tear of running back south, and instead make use of the nearby signpost to fast travel back to Blackbough. Leave via the road running south-east and keep heading in that curction until you find a road leading south. Take that road and continue along it until you find a Ghoul nest. Butcher the Ghouls (level nine) then blow up the nest. As distrubing as Necrophages are in general, what drew them here was probably more sinister, considering the bodies-both burnt and unburnt-near the pyre. You can't really blame them for nesting here, considering all that.

Objective	Reward
For destroying the Monster Nest	20 XP
Return to the north and continue following the earlier road south-east, which should take us safely to Crow's Perch. The "Bloody Baron" quest will update when we approach-we now must head inside the city and search for this baron...