Bloody Baron: Meeting the Bloody Baron
Crow's Perch
If you killed the soldiers at the Inn at the Crossroads, none of the peasants in Crow's Perch will be out and about. Over near the doors to the east that lead to the gate, you'll find two of the Baron's soldiers (level three) that you'll have to put down. Near the gate itself, more soldiers will speak to you through the gate, stating that they've heard what you did at the Inn, and they wisely aren't going to allow you in. Well, would you? Looks like we'll need to find a sneakier way in...

Head downhill to the market, where you'll see that one lone old man has decided to brave the murderous Witcher. Talk to him and ask him how to get inside the keep, and he'll try to wrangle 15 Crowns off of you. Pay him and he'll tell you about an alternate way into the castle, you just need to find some shrine north-west of the city.

Leave the city via the way you entered and follow the road back up north. When you reach a crossroads (the southern road leads to the Ghouls nest we cleared earlier) head north until you find a road to the north-east. Follow the road until you find a search area, which is largely unnecessary, because the shrine is easily visible off the eastern side of the road. From the shrine head south-east and into the river, where you should see a cave you can swim into, the roof of which is just above the water line.

Dive into the river and swim south until your progress is blocked by rocks. Climb up onto the stone ledge blocking your path and continue running south, then east, where you'll find another ledge to scale-this cave is one of the first areas that's dark enough to perhaps warrants the use of a Cat potion. Drop off another ledge to the north, and defeat a Water Hag (level six). Water Hags will throw muck at you, which will stun Geralt (you can still move, but you can't attack or cast Signs), and will often sink into the ground, only to surface somewhere else, more muck to throw in hand. They'll also resort to swiping with their claws against nearby or stunned foes. Loot a chest west of the ledge, then head north and search a cubby to the east to find another, more lucrative chest. Dive in to the water to the west and search the cliff face to the east (yes, the rock you just jumped off) to find two chests under water.

Climb back out of the water up onto the ledge to the west, then turn south and scale a ledge just east of the one we dropped off earlier. Continue up a ramp to the south-east and follow it around counter-clockwise, scaling a ledge and looting some crates as you go. Finally, to the north, you'll discover a well with a ladder leading out of it. Climb your way to the surface to witness a cutscene that introduces you to the Bloody Baron.

On the other hand, if you didn't get into a fight at the Inn at the Crossroads... well, walk into Crow's Perch to find a lively and active city. Head west and go through a gate unmolested, then up a hill, where the guard will pester you. You'll be recognized by one of the guards at the tavern, and if you stick to the top dialogue options, you'll be escorted to meet the Baron. Yeah... a bit simpler, no? Of course, nothing prevents you from exploring the cave mentioned earlier if you didn't kill the guards, and considering the treasure, it's a worth-while diversion.

The Bloody Baron's guest leaves and he'll chat with Geralt, telling him flatly that he knows who he is, and why he's here. If you killed his guards earlier, he'll also suggest that he hasn't yet decided what to do with Geralt-but how the conversation goes might determine that. Nice threat, there. Have a drink with the Baron (or not) and he'll get to business, albeit indirectly, and at length, telling you about Ciri in the form of a bit of playable gameplay...

Ciri's Story: The King of the Wolves (level 5)
You're now in control of Ciri. Some things to note about her for now-you can't mess with her gear, she can't level up, and she can't (yet) cast spells or Signs. Her dodge ability, however, is of a more flashy and magical nature than Geralt's, and her health regenerates far faster than Geralt's outside of combat. Otherwise, swordplay is the same-strong attack, fast attack, parry, dodge, riposte... all that good stuff.

Head west, picking plants as you go... we'll need them later, but grabbing them early might save us trouble later, although it is somewhat more difficult to loot them considering she doesn't have Witcher Senses. When you run out of west, turn north, where you'll find a treed girl being harassed by some Wolves. Lend her a hand and kill some Wolves (level five)-don't worry so much about taking damage, as Ciri will regenerate fully between battles.

Once the Wolves are dead Ciri will coax the girl down, and as two lost people in a swamp, they'll find common cause. The little girl will tell Ciri about how she ended up in the swamp, and mention some "Wolf King" that might cause them trouble. Confident in her abilities to deal with both Wolves and Kings, Ciri and the girl set off.

When you're back in control head north-west and dispatch a group of five (level five) Wolves feasting on carrion, then loot the bodies and pick the Wolfsbane nearby. After the fight Ciri calls the girl back to her side. Investigate the carrion and Ciri will deduce with what the critter was slain. Sounds kind of familiar... Follow the girl, Gretka, to the north and she'll spot a mangled corpse in the remains of a boat. Ciri will tell the girl to look away, then set to investigate the body. Perform your autopsy by looking at the different wounds, and, despite being bothered by Gretka a few times, she'll identify the Wolf King.

Ciri unfortunately lacks a silver sword, but she does know how to make a blade coating that will do the trick nicely, and list the ingredients. If you've been diligent about picking plants and looting Wolves, you should now only need Fool's Parsley. Follow the girl downhill to the west and dispatch another quintet of Wolves (level five), then loot around the area to find the Fool's Parsley you need (tall stalks, white flower), and the Wolfsbane, should you need any (tall stalks, purple flowers). Once done, Ciri will automatically concoct the blade coating she needs.

Return west to the site of the last fight once the oil is made, investigate the corpse of a pig if you wish, then follow the girl west, then north, down a slope and into a cave. Inside you'll find the Wolf King about to do unspeakable things to a man. Interrupt the beast and slay it-it's an easier fight than any of the Wolves we've slain, just use fast attacks and dodge until it's dead. Once done, have a chat with the poor man in the cave, who will ultimately lead Ciri to his lord.

Family Matters (level 6)
Having recounted his tale, the Baron makes a predictable offer. You're both looking for missing women, why not help each other out? Not really having any other options, Geralt asks about the Baron's missing wife and daughter. Question him for more details, and at length he'll relent to letting you investigate matter more intimately. This ends the quest "Bloody Baron" and begins "Family Matters" and "Ciri's Room".

Objective	Reward
For meeting with the Bloody Baron	100 XP
Time to snoop through other people's belongings! Start out by looting a nearby table to find the note "Nilfgaardian Demands", then follow the Baron up some stairs while he babbles. He'll unlock two doors for you-in the western room, grab the note "Letter to Tamara" along the south-western wall, loot a chest in the bedroom to the north-west, then search the containers along the south-eastern wall, the middle of which will contain a "Rusty Key" and some incense which leaves a scent trail for Geralt to follow.

Track the scent down several flights of stairs, then up a tunnel to the north-east, through a doorway to the north-west, and to a locked door, which can be opened with the Rusty Key. At the south-western end of the room you'll find an altar to the Eternal Fire and the note "A Prayer". Seems benign enough, but read the prayer note and the last three lines should give you pause. Perhaps it's not such a happy family after all... Be sure to loot the store rooms down here, as they contain quite a haul of common-but valuable-goodies, including Alcohest and Alchemist's Powder. You'll also get your fair share of junk, but hey... it can all be sold off or dismantled.

Backtrack upstairs and go into the eastern room next, activating your Witcher Senses once you're insde. Start out by looting all the yellow-glowing objects, the investigate the candlestick to the west, some flowers to the east, and the wall to the south. The off-colored wall directs him to a painting to the east, which in turn leads him to the cabinet on the other side of the wall. Investigate a wooden post near the flowers, then head back west and search the table near the candlestick. Follow a scent trail outside the room and down a flight of stairs where you will find a Talisman at the end of the scent trail.

Return to the Baron and tell him about your findings. Unfortunately, he-and apparently his guards-were too sloshed to remember anything, but the Talisman proves more helpful. Seems likely that we'll find more answers by visiting a local pellar (alchemist), who by the Baron's description seems like... well, like a guy you wouldn't want your wife to visit. He also mentions some witch who recently arrived in Midcopse. Could this be the same witch Ciri clashed with?

Objective	Reward
For investigating the rooms of Tamara and Anna	150 XP
The Baron will now head off back to his office downstairs. Follow him and talk to him, where you'll find you can ask him about more subjects, including his collusion with Nilfgaard and witches in the area. More importantly, you can play Gwent with him, which you'll need to do to unlock some new Gwent players around Velen. He's got a pretty mediocre Northern Kingdoms deck, only noteworthy because of the Scorch cards he'll play. Beat him you'll get the "Sigismund Dijkstra" card, which has 4 Strength and the always useful "Spy" ability-a worthy addition to any Northern Kingdoms deck. He'll also mention some other people you can play, which starts the "Gwent: Velen Players" quest.

Objective	Reward
For defeating the Bloody Baron at Gwent	25 XP
Sigismund Dijkstra Card
Ciri's Room (level 5)
Take a break from Gwent for a bit (don't worry, we'll get back to it soon enough) and switch the tracked quest to "Ciri's Room". While we're here, we might as well search out her room, after all. From the Baron's room (on the second floor) head down the hallway to the north-east. Ciri's room is the southern of the two rooms at the eastern end of the hall. Turn those old Witcher Senses back on and search near the bed to find one of Gretka's toys, a Top, then turn around and search some garments on the floor. Finally, investigate the table to find a book "The Natural Obscurity of Curses", which you should read Leave the room and head across the hall and enter the room to the north, to find Gretka. As the Baron said, she's alive and well, working in the kitchen. Talk to her and ask about Ciri, and when you've gotten all the info you can out of her, give her back the Top to end the quest.

Objective	Reward
For investigating Ciri's room	100 XP
Head back down the hall to the south-west and go down a short hallway to the south to find a door leading outside. You can now explore the upper reaches of Crow's Perch, including the Notice Board, which we'll ignore for now. Head south-east under an arch to find two merchants-a dwarven armorer named Fergus Graem, and the Quartermaster. Both will play Gwent with you, and the latter sells a "Nausicaa Cavalry Rider" card and the "Cynthia" card. Neither of these are great cards, but hey... the more the merrier. He also sells "Adalbert Kermith's Third Map", which, once read, will start the quest "Scavanger Hunt: Cat School Gear Upgrade Diagrams - Part 3".

Ask Fergus about a master armorer, and he'll admit to being one. When Geralt gives his specifications, the dwarf will mock Geralt's dream armor. The dwarf's human assistant, however, will babble about some mythical tools in Skellige that could be used the craft the armor. Strike up a deal to find these tools and the quest "Master Armorers" will start. It'll be a while before we can tackle this quest.

Head down to the lower part of town to find a Trader, who will also play some Gwent with you. Better yet, he'll sell a few cards, including an "Impera Brigade" card, a "Nausicaa Cavalry Rider" card, two weak cards with the "Tight Bond" ability. He also sells "Vreemde" and "Albrich", two practically worthless low Strength cards, and a "Zerrikanian Fire Scorpion" card. Beat him, buy his cards, and leave Crow's Perch.

Fast-travel to Blackbough to get near the pellar's house. In fact, we ran right past it during the quest "Wild at Heart". Find the house north-west of Blackbough-the pellar is marked on the map as "Alchemy Supplies". Unfortunately, when we arrive we'll notice that we're not the only ones who want to talk to the pellar. Some of the Baron's soldiers are outside, and they aren't here on a social call. When you approach you'll enter conversation with them. Either kill them (level six), use the Axii Sign to convince them to leave, or simply tell them how to really cure their sick friend. Bribing them won't work, Axii is the most lucrative choice, but curing their friend might just be better for everybody in the long run.

Objective	Reward
For convincing the Baron's men to leave with the Axii Sign	40 XP
Once the guards are gone knock on the door to find this pellar, who seems to have the whole seer act down. Show him the amulet and he'll identify it, and babble about what dark magic is was meant to protect Anna from. The pellar will offer to use his skills (whatever they may be) to help locate Tamara and Anna, but it seems that a key component has gone missing, without which it's obviously impossible to perform an augry. Offer to find his "princess" and he'll give you a "Pellar's Bell", which you'll need to escort his... Princess.

A Princess in Distress (level 5)
Geralt of Rivia, Butcher of Blaviken, Legendary Witcher... goat rescuer? Better just get on with it. Head south of the house and activate your Witcher Senses to find some goat tracks leading west into a search area about the size of Crow's Perch. Follow the meadering, often broken tracks westward to near the western edge of the search area (straight west from the pellar's house on the map) to find Princess. Along the way, you may need to slaughter some Wolves (level five). How Princess made it out here without becoming a meal is a mystery unto itself...

Princess will get a life bar, and you'll have to use Pellar's Bell to coax the stupid creature to move. Use it like any bomb or Sign-equip it via the radial menu, then "Cast" it with (L1). Lead the goat west until it wanders off. Locate it again to find that it happened to find a Bear, which just so happens to fancy some goat for dinner. Geralt will politely ask the goat to get away from the Bear (level six), which you'll have to dispatch. Quen, dodging, and strong attacks should be sufficient. Once done, continue walking along, ringing the bell so Princess follows you. Once you near the house, Geralt will compliment the goat on its one redeeming quality, and the pellar will show the goat some affection when you approach.

Note: Be sure to return to the cave the bear emerged from after completing this quest-it might not be wise to attempt to explore it while leading around Princess, so just try to discover the "Entrance" marker on your map so you can return when your business with the pellar is done. When returning, drop down some ledges to reach a chamber where, behind a column, you'll find two chests. One of them contains the Diagram: Mastercrafted Ursine Steel Sword, so it's well worth picking up. Another, less interesting chest lies behind a fence to the north.

Encourage the pellar to live up to his end of the bargain and Geralt will leave to get a final component for the ritual, which the pellar will perform. Once the augury is done, question the pellar further, and he'll reveal some of Anna's secrets. This doesn't give us the whereabouts of Anna and Tamara as we'd hoped it might, but it does give us another lead... seems like we need to talk to the Baron again.

Objective	Reward
For getting the pellar to perform an augury	100 XP

Bloody Baron: Of Barons and Botchlings
Confronting the Baron
Read the bestiary entry on Botchlings, then return to Crow's Perch to find the city in disarray. A building is on fire, bells are ringing, and peasants are standing around gawking. Oh, if only they had smartphones... head up to the keep and you'll be confronted by some soldiers, one of whom asks you to save his brother, who-along with the horses-are trapped in a burning stable. Make a timed decision to help or not, it's not a terribly difficult event, and there's no downside for helping out, so we might as well.

Head south-west to find the stable. The front door is blocked by debris, so you'll have to climb a ladder to the second story. Once you've climbed the ladder, your breath gauge will show up-you know the drill, run out of breath and you'll start taking massive damage, so be quick. Turn south-east and score a chest, then turn north-west and blast some barrels blocking the way with Aard. Continue north-west and use Aard again on more debris, and when you reach the edge of this level over-looking the barn below, climb down another ladder. Blast some more barrels to the north-east, then head past where the barrels stood until you find the barn door.

Geralt, the horses, and the stable boy will flee the barn, then the Baron shows up. Geralt's unkind words end in fisticuffs-riposte his strikes, then when he's off-balance, fast strike him a few times. Repeat until he falls, after which he and Geralt will have a talk about his poor conduct as a husband. He'll come clean about what really happened regarding Anna and Tamara-a vile tale of spousal abuse at its worse, which confirms the pellar's augury.

Inform the Bloody Baron of the ramification of his actions, and suggest the two courses of actions; we can either lift the curse and turn the Botchling into a Lubberkin, or we can kill it, and use its blood. Either way, it can lead us to Tamara and Anna. Of the two, the Bloody Baron seems to be in favor of the former. You can stall for time if you're not ready to confront the Botchling yet, but when you're ready to go, tell the Baron so and the two of you will make a plan of action.

That night the two set out-follow the Bloody Baron to the site where the miscarried child was buried. Geralt find unmistakable signs that the Botchling is, in fact, on the prowl. Fortunately the creature doesn't take long to show itself. You have two options-battle the Botchling, or try to removes its curse and turn it into a Lubberkin, as Geralt informed the Bloody Baron earlier. Follow the text under the heading that reflects the option you chose-both quests reuinte under the heading "Tamara, Lost and Found".

Battling the Botchling
The straight-forward approach, Geralt will attack the small but hideous creature, only to have it transform when a threat presents itself. It's not too strong at first-it's attacks are predictable, although it does take a few hits to whittle down, even with a fairly potent Silver Sword. Smack it around until its health is halfway gone, at which point it'll start reflecting damage, regenerating health, and summon some Wraiths. Kill the Wraiths quickly, then turn your attention back to the Botchling. Sword strikes are ill-advised, unless you have Quen up, as you'll take damage from your own attacks. Instead, use Igni to safely deal damage to the Botchling and negate its regeneration while it's on fire. Once the beast is dead Geralt will take its blood... after the Bloody Baron expresses his dissatisfaction at Geralt's methods.

Loot the area, then head north-west to return to Crow's Perch. Leave the city and fast-travel back to Blackbough, from which you need to travel north-west to visit with the pellar again. Talk to the pellar, ask him about the ritual, then tell him to perform the ritual. Now follow the pellar south to the village, then east along the northern road leaving Blackbough. The two of you will make small talk as you walk, including the fate of the old lord of these lands, and the pestilience the Nilfgaardians are suffering from... you might even have to smite the odd pack of Wolves (level five). When you reach the shrine you'll be instructed to light some fires, and you'll be given the opportunity to question the ritual you're about to witness. When you're ready, light the fires and the pellar will take that a sign to begin the ritual.

Geralt has one job-to keep the flames lit. So naturally, he can't be bothered to do it. When one of the flames goes out, Wraiths (levels five and six) will show up and start attacking in endless waves. You've got to relight the fires with Igni (or just by activating them, if you can get enough breather room) for the pellar to continue. Persevere through this poorly designed mess of gameplay to find out where the Tamara and Anna have gone. Using Tawny Owl to increase you Stamina regeneration will come in handy here, considering how much you'll want to use Signs.

Objective	Reward
For completing the ritual	100 XP

The Lubberkin
Geralt will tell the Bloody Baron to do... well, probably the last thing any sane person would want to do with a Botchling, and when he protests, Geralt will remind him that this was his preference. Your task now is to follow the Baron back to the keep. Along the way you'll be attacked by a group of Wraiths (level five). Dispatch them quickly, then, when the Baron starts whining about the Botchling, cast Axii on it to calm it down. Repeat the process again as you near the entrance to the keep-there are more Wraiths here, but otherwise, same thing. Once the Wraiths are gone use Axii again. You'll finish the rest of your trip unmolested, the Baron will follow your orders... after some complaints.

Objective	Reward
For lifting the curse on the Botchling	150 XP
When the Baron is gone, approach the burial site and activate it to "sit and wait" for a day and a night. When next midnight rolls around, Geralt will finish the ritual. Now you just need to follow the Lubberkin to a house south-east of Crow's Perch. When the Lubberkin stops, activate your Witcher Senses and search, in sequence, some hoof prints, a misplaced bracelt on top of some barrels, and some discarded clothing, all along the north-eastern side of the house. Return to the Lubberkin and follow it to another site, this one along the road to the north-east. At a small bridge you'll find a dead horse carcass guarded by Rotfiends (level six) who show up in three groups of two. Examine the remains and cycle through the various options to get a clearer grasp of what occured.

Tamara, Lost and Found
If you fought the Botchling and performed the ritual, you'll know the name of the person we need to see. If you turned the Botchling into a Lubberkin, you'll end up following it to the correct place... eventually. The house we're looking for is north-east of Crow's Perch, and regardless of what you did to get here, you had either a Lubberkin, or a good, old-fashioned quest marker to lead you here. Head inside the house and talk to the fisherman about Tamara and Anna, and, after some initial attempts at duplicity, he'll tell you all he knows.

Objective	Reward
For learning what happened to Tamara and Anna	300 XP
Return to the Crow's Perch and head to the keep. Along the way, if you saved the stable boy, he'll be waiting for you. As thanks for saving him from an agonizing death he'll give you... 20 Crowns. Oh well, it's probably a lot of money to him. Head to the gardens west of the keep, where one of the Baron's men will stop and ask you about what transpired the night you and the Baron went off alone-apparently the Baron is a changed man of late. Head into the garden and endure the Baron's babbling before you tell him about his wife and daughter.

Despite all the work you've done for him, the Bloody Baron still isn't happy, and insists he won't be until you personally verify that Tamara is safe-and continue searching for Anna. If you decline, he'll settle for just giving you a "Letter of Safe Passage" and asking you to give it to Tamara if you happen to visit Oxenfurt. If you agree... well, pretty much the same thing happens, except he'll also give you 50 Crowns in gratitude. After this exchange, Geralt forces the Bloody Baron to live up to his end of the bargain and tell him about Ciri...

Objective	Reward
For telling the Bloody Baron where Tamara went	Letter of Safe Passage
For agreeing to visit Tamara	50 Crowns

Ciri's Story: The Race (level 5)
Ciri, the Baron, and his boys will chat around the fireplace until the stableboy (yes, the one Geralt can choose to save later) starts making challenges. The Baron ends up taking on the wager the stableboy started-a horse race between Ciri and the Baron, Ciri's sword for the Baron's horse. This race is incredibly difficult to lose, just gallop when you can, and canter when you... can't? Once you cross the finish line the Baron will stop telling his story just as danger loomed, and will tell you to find his wife for the rest of the story. As you leave the keep, the Baron will stop you and ask you to give his daughter a doll when you see her.

