Other Quests in and Around Oxenfurt
There's more to do in Oxenfurt, while we're here and all. New city means new merchants-in the case of the Armorer and Blacksmith, both are of Journeyman caliber, and are therefore capable of forging Griffin set items. You should be level seven by now, at least, and if you don't already have those weapons (and you still need an upgrade), consider making them. The Armorer also sells "Ibrahim Savi's First Map", for what that's worth.

Even better, both play Gwent, though they're actually pretty difficult opponents. And easier Gwent challenge can be found in the form of a Merchant, who can be found loitering north of the notice board. South of the notice board, in his inn, you'll find Stjepen, one of the three innkeepers we need to beat as part of the quest "Gwent: Playing Innkeeps". Beat him, and take his "Yennefer of Vengerberg" Hero Card, which has 7 Strength and the "Medic" ability, making it a worthy addition to any deck. Once done, buy the "Dwarven Skirmisher", "Mahakaman Defender", "Vrihedd Brigade Veteran" and "Commanders Horn" Cards (remember to return here once in a while-you can score a total of three"Commanders Horn" Cards from him in total).

Objective	Reward
For defeating Stjepen at Gwent	25 XP
Yennefer Card
Speaking of the notice board... go give that a look. Grab the notices "Beware of Trolls", "Contract: Monster in Oxenfurt" and "Contract: Beast in the Oxenfurt Forest" to start the quests "The Volunteer", "Contract: The Oxenfurt Drunk" and "Contract: Creature from the Oxenfurt Forest", respectively. What a busy little notice board... All of these quests are a little high level right now... okay, "The Volunteer" is passable, but the other two... they're a long way off.

Head over to the Blacksmith and enter a house south of where he works. Go downstairs to the bottom floor and use your Witcher Senses to spot a cat drawing on the wall to the north-east. Search it, then head down a ladder to the south-east to reach a cellar that connects to a chamber with two gated doors lining it. Use your Witcher Senses to spot a brick you can manipulate along the wall to the north. Doing so will open up a secret door to the north-west, beyond which is a chamber containing a chest, which in turn contains the Diagram: Enhanced Feline Trousers.

Bandit Camp (level 9)
While we're in the Oxenfurt area, there are a few areas we've yet to explore on the nearby island, namely the eastern and central bits, so why not do that now? Leave Oxenfurt via the main bridge to the west, then head south-west to reach the "Stonecutters' Settlement". Aside from the signpost, there's not much here to bother with. Continue south-west to discover the "Devil's Pit" signpost, north of which is a Bandit Camp filled with Deserters (level nine). They're rather numerous, but spread out, so you probably won't have to fight more than two or three at once. It's also a prime spot to knock foes off ledges with Aard-just parry them, hit them with Aard, and laugh. Loot the camp when the Deserters are all dead to finish this event.

Codger's Quarry
Remember back during the "Crossing the Pontar" section of the guide when we went (briefly) out of our way to discover the "Codger's Quarry"? Sure you do. Fast travel there now (or, if you haven't been there, it's north-west of the "Stonecutters' Settlement".) Head into the quarry and defeat a Peasant (level thirteen), then loot around the quarry. Head into a cave to the south-west to find a chest containing the Diagram: Enhanced Feline Gauntlets.

Monster Nest (level 6)
Leave Codger's Quarry and follow the road north, then when it bisects another road, follow it north-east. Now you're near the ruined bridge near which we cleared a Monster Nest (full of Nekkers). Follow the road opposite the bridge and head east, igoring the first road to the north, but taking the second. Head along this road until it eventually leads to another Monster Nest, this one populated by Rotfiends (level six) near the remains of an army camp. Kill the Necrophages and destroy-then loot-the nest.

Hidden Treasure (level 4)
From this Monster Nest head north-east onto an island. There are four islands, loosely connected, and each one of them have some quest or event on them. The northern-most and eastern-most of the islands have events that are beyond us right now, but this central island has a Hidden Treasure event on it. The area nearby is guarded by Drowners (level four), but along the way you may encounter Drowners (level nine) and Foglets (level four).

Dispatch the Necrophages, then use your Witcher Senses to follow a blood trail back to a body near a tent. Search the corpse for a Bloodstained Key and a Bloodstained Document-picking up these objects starts the quest "Blood Gold". Activate your Witcher Senses and follow a blood trail to the north-west to find some debris. Part it with Aard to find a chest, inside which you'll find a variety of loot including the sword Headhunter.

The Volunteer (level 13)
Now head to the southern end of the southern island-where you'll find the "White Eagle Fort" signpost... along with a singing Troll. Discover the signpost and loot the camp the Troll occupies to find the Diagram: Enhanced Griffin Armor in a chest just north of the Troll. Nice. Talk to the critter to discover how it got "recruited" and to learn about the mishap that left it alone here. If you decide the Troll is too dangerous, you can provoke it by voicing your concerns, after which you'll have to put down the Rock Troll (level thirteen)-just use Quen, and the good old Strong Attack/Dodge combo and you'll whittle it down-just stay at middling ranges, out of melee range, but not so far that you tempt it to throw stones at you. If you're close enough and it goes to chuck rocks at you, you can take the opportunity to strike it before it manages. Despite its level, it's not a very tough foe. This completes the quest, but it's more lucrative to let it live, in which case it'll ask you to head to town and buy some paint.

Objective	Reward
For killing the Rock Troll	50 XP
Fast-travel back to Oxenfurt and return to the Merchant near the armorer, who happens to sell the Paint you need. It'll set you back about 16 Crowns, which is a paltry sum. Buy it, then return to the Troll and give him the paint. He'll encounter another problem, which you can either help him with, or force him to do himself... to find out that the Troll has a surprising artistic bent, and Geralt... should stick to swords and never torture a paint brush again. The reward is the same either way.

Objective	Reward
For painting-or watching the Troll paint-the Redanian coat of arms	50 XP
Diagram: Gven'nel
Diagram: Axeman's Guantlets
10 Goat Hide
5 Deer Hide
Griffin Armor (Part One)
We should have been able to craft our Griffin Swords by now, if not a while ago, depending on your own initiative. With the Griffin Silver Sword in hand and a few more levels to our credit, we can now finish off the rest of this scavanger hunt by finding the armor. It also gives us an excuse to head back to Lindenvale, where we've got a few more quests we can complete.

The Fall of House Reardon (Level 6)
Fast travel back to Lindenvale and head south-east from the notice board to find Dolores, who will bemoan her fate when you talk to her. Offer to help her and she'll hand over a Lockbox Key, with which you can loot some treasures from inside the house. Dolores herself doesn't care about the treasure-she just wants the house. We'll end up doing this quest along the way, but for now, it's enough that we started it.

Note: Starting this will also start "Ghosts of the Past" if you have both 1) visited Reardon Manor and encounter any of the traps outside, and 2) spared Letho's life in the last game... or at least told the Nilfgaardians that you did.

Contract: The Merry Widow (level 10)
Return to the signpost and from it head east to find the Gravedigger near his house. Talk to him about the contract and he'll tell you about some suspected Necrophage activity. Haggle with him, or just accept the quest, then head to the cemetery, which is located slightly north and to the east.

When you arrive, put down some Wild Dogs (level five) then after Geralt comments on the obvious, search one of several graves north of the chapel to learn some of the digger's means (or lack thereof), then search a grave west of the chapel to discover a scent trail. Follow the trail over a wall, down a hill across a broken bridge (which you'll have to leap over a gap to cross) and finally to a cottage along a road south-east of Lindenvale. Search the various implements in the hut-and the skulls in the corner-to identify the beast, then Geralt formulates a plan of action.

Objective	Reward
For identifying the beast	10 XP
Grab the Grave Hag Skulls after searching them, head to the cemetery, and place the skulls on the stone shrine in the chapel... if you can get Geralt to stop targeting the candles, anyways. Once done, Geralt will rest until nightfall, when the Grave Hag shows up to confront the thief who stole her skulls. She's an easy fight-her attacks are quite predictable, just dodge and counter with the strong style. The "rule-of-three" prevails here as well. Once she's dead, loot her body for a Grave Hag Mutagen, the Silver Sword Addan Deith, and a Grave Hag Trophy, among other things. All you have to do now is collect your reward.

Objective	Reward
For slaying the Grave Hag, Mourntart	240 XP
180 Crowns
Bandit Camp (level 10)
Return to the cemetery, and from there travel north-west to find a Bandit Camp north of a road running east-west. Kill the Bandits (levels nine and ten) on the ground, then climb a nearby watch tower to find the chest they were guarding.

Abandoned Site (level 5)
Backtrack south to reach the road running east-west across the north of this land, and continue east. After some running you'll reach a road leading south-east. Take it down to discover an "Abandoned Site" guarded by some miscreant (level five). Slaughter them to have more honest folk move in, including a Merchant and an Herbalist.

Objective	Reward
For liberating the Abandoned Site	120 XP
50 Crowns
Bandit Camp (level 7)
From the refugee camp head west to find a road running uphill to the south. Follow it south until you near the end, where it turns east. Instead of following it further, veer off south-west into the wilderness until you find a "Bandit Camp" atop a hill jutting out abruptly over the land below. Kill the Bandits (level seven) inhabiting the area, then loot their camp, including a chest filled with valuables near some rocks atop the hill.

Lurch
Return east to the road we left earlier, then follow it to its southern end, as which point continue along it to the east. Shortly you should reach the town of Lurch, which isn't terribly interesting, although their are a few houses you can loot for their petty goods. Head north through the town to discover its signpost, then continue north to find a house with slaughtered peasants inside-peasants who are being searched by a Criminal (level three). Kill him and loot the house. This house is just south-east of a bridge that leads to the large island outside of Oxenfurt, near an "Abandoned Site" and a "Hidden Treasure" we cleared earlier.

Bandit Camp (level 9)
Follow the road from the house to the east, then south-east to discover a Bandit Camp near an unusually large tree. Dispatch the Bandits (levels seven and nine) and loot the chest they have in a crude tent.

Treasure Hunt: Out of the Frying Pan, Into the Fire (level 9)
South-east of this Bandit Camp you'll spot a hill overlooking the road, atop which sits a pillaged village, now home to Ghouls (levels seven and nine). Smite the Necrophages, then loot around the village. In particular there are some corpses in a burnt-down house, some parcels on and near a wagon, and plenty of beehives around, for what that's worth (about 36-72 Crowns per hive, to the right merchant, that's what!)

Along the southern end of the village you'll find a closed door leading to some area built down into the hill. Blast it open with Aard to find some parcels well worth looting, and a corpse on a cot which can be searched for some "Crumpled Notes" and a "Key to Treasure Chest". Very descriptive. This starts the quest "Out of the Frying Pan, Into the Fire". Read the note, leave the cellar, and head to the northern end of the search area to find a haystack overlooking the road below. Seach the eastern end of the haystack to find a treasure chest buried in the hay.

Reardon Manor
Head south through the village to find a road south of the village. Follow another road braching off of it to the south-east, and when you reach a fork continue south. At length you should find Reardon Manor. The details of this quest will vary quite a bit depending on how you responded to the Nilfgaardians during your interrogation back in Vizima. If you told the Nilfgaardians you killed Letho (and your words are reality), the manor grounds will be littered with traps, which you can highlight with your Witcher Senses. Discovering a trap will start the quest "Ghosts of the Past". For now we'll focus on dealing with "The Fall of House Reardon", and complete all the tasks involving that quest, which will be the similar regardless of Letho's status.

Explore the manor grounds to discover that it's haunted by Wraiths (level seven) if you told the Nilfs that Letho is dead. Otherwise, the grounds will be littered with traps. That's the major different between letting Letho live and letting Letho die for now-Traps or Wraiths. Defeat the Wraith and go towards the middle of the estate. On your left should be a Shack, if you use your Witcher Senses the door will glow red and you can break it down with Aard. Destroy the door and search the shack. In the far right corner you will find "Dolores Reardon's Diary", which you should read to confirm her story about the suitor. Loot the the shack, then leave.

Head west of the well to find a building with two doors, being wary of other Wraiths that might appear, and dispatching any you come across. If you enter through the northern of the two doors (which has a nasty trip-wire/crossbow trap in front of it if you let Letho live) you'll find a chest in the north-western corner that contains the "Sturdy Barn Key". Pick it up and head through the southern door. Activate your Witcher Senses as you go through the left door and on your left by the stairs up will be a painting, examine it and Geralt will note that the other person in the painting is Dolores's brother and they are twins. Go up the stairs for some more low end junk.

Once outside, turn south and you will see a large barn. From outside the barn head east and you will spot another pair of Wraiths behind the house. Once they've been banished the quest will update, informing you that you've cleared out the monsters. Before we go, however, we should collect our reward. Return to the front of the barn and unlock the smaller door east of the larger one through which we already went. Put up your Witcher Senses and across from the door and slightly to your left you should see some glowing red writing and a box beside it on the ground. Examine the writing, then examine the box, which contains the reward Dolores told us about.

Objective	Reward
For opening the chest	50 XP
100 Florens
Along the southern side of the barn you'll find a set of stairs going down into a cellar. Head down the stairs and loot the containers, then use your Witcher Senses to discover something hinky with the wall in the north-eastern corner of the cellar. Examine it, then destroy it with Aard!! Behind the wall, you'll find-surprise surprise-a skeleton and some "Loose Scraps of Paper" from the journal we read earlier. Read them to make a grisly discovery.

Now, if you've cleared out the Wraiths you can safely return to town to find Dolores in the inn. Tell her about what happened, let her read the letter, and the quest will end. If you kept Letho alive, we'll take a more eventful route to reach Lindenvale.

Objective	Reward
For talking to Dolores after clearing the manor	80 XP
Ghosts of the Past (level 6)
If not, however, head back to the barn and go through some large double doors, beyond which you'll spot some more nasty crossbow traps on the ground. Disarm them, loot the place, then approach a ladder in a stall to the south. Pick the device up and Geralt will use it to reach the loft, where Geralt will find an old frenemy... Question him and learn the reason for his traps, and you'll see that very reasons arrive in the flesh. Letho will mention a rat named Louis and ask you to help him deal with his pursuers, although the choice is moot.

Objective	Reward
For talking to Letho	25 XP
Loot the loft, then head down the ladder (Letho can apparently absorb fall damage better than Geralt). Don't worry, he'll be fine, no matter how slow we are. Once you're out on the manor grounds, help fight off a batch of Headhunters (levels six to eight), then Letho will talk to you again. When he's done, offer to help him track down Louis.
Loot the bodies, mount up, then follow Letho, who will tell you a little story. When you reach the camp you and Letho will confront Louis. As one might expect, things end in violence. Dispatch Louis (level nine) and his goons (level six) and Letho will continue his chat from a position of somewhat more authority. Letho gets the information he wants, and leaves Louis to his fate.

Mount your horse and ride with Letho again, where you'll get more story-time. Return to Lindenvale and Letho will lead you to some horses that can't possibly be owned by anybody in this town. Letho will chat with a kid, then tell you to stay put. When Letho gets into trouble, Geralt will interfere. The bounty hunters warn Geralth off, and you can either cut down Vester (level eight) and his minions (levels six and eight), or stay out of trouble.

If you fight the bounty hunters Letho will complain that you spoiled his plans. If you leave the bounty hunters alone, encourage them to take Letho's medallion to prove that he's dead. Geralt gives them plenty of incentive to do so. Later, Letho will reveal his ruse, and head off. Now is a fine time to talk to Delores and finish off her quest, too.

Note: If you followed Letho's advice and helped him complete his ruse, then suggest he goes to Kaer Morhen, it'll affect the quest "The Battle of Kaer Morhen" later. It's a good thing.

Witcher Wannabe (level 10)
There should now be another quest available in Lindenvale, which we're in a fine position to start. Talk to the Ealdorman, who should be standing across from the notice board. He'll complain that some roguish Witcher seduced his daughter. The ever virtuous and chaste Geralt decides to take matters into his own hands, to clear the good name of Witchers everywhere. This starts the quest "Witcher Wannabe."

Return to the cemetery again and smite a Ghoul (level ten) near the entrance. Use your Witcher Senses to find some footprints, which lead you to your fellow Witcher, who is busy cowering near a sarcophagus. The coward will talk to you and expose his wrong-doings, shortly after which some visitors will arrive and question the arrival of a second Witcher. Either lie to cover for the fake Witcher, or call him out for the fraud he is. If you lie on his behalf, Geralt will also make up a bogus Witcher rule, which imposes some form of punishment on the fraud.

Objective	Reward
For rescuing the "Witcher"	10 XP
For dealing with the fraud	75 XP

Downwarren
Well, that was simple enough. Head back to Lindenvale and from there fast-travel back to the Reardon Manor. Venture south through the manor, then continue south down a road. When the road turns south-east, instead veer off to the south-west to discover Downwarren. Play Gwent with the Merchant here, but ignore the notice board. Despite what your map might say, we can't start any quests here yet. Discovering the signpost will speed things up later, though.

Place of Power
Head uphill and take a road that loops around the western-most house of the village. Follow the road south across a bridge, then south-west, cross a stream, then continue west over a somewhat less intact bridge. When the road splits, take the northern of the two forks. When it forks again, head north again. Along the way you might encounter some aeriel critters, including Harpies (level six) and a Wyvern (level nine). Continue following the road as it zig-zags uphill and, when the road starts to head downhill, veer off the road to the north, endeavoring to climb the mountain. If there's grass, you can run there. That, and a little jumping, should get you to the top, where you'll find a Place of Power. Suck up that delicious ability point, then head back down the hill the way you came up.

Dragonslayer's Grotto (level 11)
Once you're back on the road, follow it west, then downhill, across a bridge to the south, and into a forest. When the road turns west again, depart from the road and head up through the forest to the north-east. Be wary of Endrega as you head through the forest. When you discover the signpost, head south-east and drop down a ledge, then go through a doorway in the darkness beyond. These tunnels are haunted by Wraiths (level seven) which isn't necessarily a bad thing, as again, they can drop various gem powders which are useful in crafting weapons, and expensive to buy.

After dealing with whatever Wraiths attack you, go through a doorway to the south and loot the room beyond, perhaps banishing a few more Wraiths if they bother you. Most of the loot worth grabbing is along the eastern wall. Go through another doorway to the south where you'll even even more loot, including a generous chest in the north-western corner of the chamber, and two parcels and and chest along the southern end of the room, near a tombstone.

Backtrack north to the entrance tunnel then continue heading east. When you reach a dead-end, turn north and go through a doorway, then down another tunnel to the east. When you reach another dead-end, activate your Witcher Senses to spot a wall you can destroy with Aard. Go through the hole in the wall you made and behold a gas-filled tunnel heading east. Use Igni to blast away the gas as you advance, then turn south to reach a gas-free area.

Climb a ledge to the south (or blast the rocks out of the way with Aard) to reach a chamber occupied by an Ekimmara-a form of Vampire. It's level eleven, but if you've crafted the Griffin Silver Sword (and can use it-making you at least level seven), it should be too hard to beat. You can use Yrden when it's "invisible" to force it to appear, but it's just as easy to dodge its attack. The rule-of-three works well for Ekimmara-dodge an attack, hit him with three strong silver attacks, then dodge again, using Quen as necessary to cover up incidental damage.

Once it's dead, get to looting-on the ground floor there's a weapon rack and a chest to loot. On the upper level, surrounding a sarcophagus, there are several crates and the glowing, wonderful chest that contains "Witcher George's Journal," Diagram: Griffin Armor, Diagram: Griffin Trousers, Diagram: Griffin Boots, Diagram: Griffin Gauntlets. Score. There are also a few crates to the west.

Note: There are some rocks blocking a cave at the back of this area which can be highlighted with your Witcher Senses. They can be removed with an object we'll retrieve shortly, but since they just open up an alternate route into this cave, there's really not much point.

Guarded Treasure (level 12)
Follow a trail leading away (north-west) from Dragonslayer's Grotto until it broadens into a wider road, which you should continue on as it runs west, then south. When it bisects a road running east-west, follow this new road to the west, ignoring a fork to the south-west. The road you're on will turn north-west, then west. North of the road here you'll find a "Guarded Treasure" event in the form of a tent, near which a Bear (level twelve) lurks. Kill it, then search the eastern end of the tent. There are also some containers to loot in the less intact south of the road.