From Blackbough to Midcopse
Now, we could return to the Bloody Baron and tell him about our meeting with his daughter, but aside from updating the still ongoing quest "Family Matters" this doesn't to much. He'll just tell us to keep looking for his missing wife... whom we have no leads on. That being the case, we might as well look for this Witch Ciri tangled with. Of course, this gives an excuse to explore everything between our closest signpost (Blackbough) and Midcopse. Don't worry, most of these events are quite low-level, and can be done briskly. Since we've encountered similar events before, we need not discuss them quite as thoroughly as we did during our run to Oxenfurt.

Fists of Fury: Velen (level 11)
Fast travel to Blackbough and, while you're there, considering indulging in some fist-fighting by talking to the Bookie, who will, if you're brave enough, put you against Jonah. Careful, he bites! We already beat a stronger (or at least, more lucrative) foe in Fishgulper back in Lindenvale, so put up your bet, then your dukes. While we're at it, we might as well finish up this quest, since it just requires a bit of fast travel.

Return to the Inn at the Crossroads and head inside the inn, where you'll find some fine, upstanding patrons boxing. In this appropriate venue you'll find another Bookie. Make your best and lay the smackdown on Smithy. Next stop-Crow's Peak. In front of the stables by the keep you'll find some more boxers. Talk to the Sergeant, then engage in some fisticuffs. Why does he get to keep his armor on when we don't? Oh well, it doesn't help him any. Win and you'll be proclaimed the champion of Velen, then directed to continue your violent ways in Novigrad and Skellige. All in good time...

Objective	Reward
For defeating Jonah	25 XP
2-100 Crowns
For defeating Smithy	
25 XP

2-140 Crowns

For becoming the champion of Velen	75 XP
2-160 Crowns
Guarded Treasure (level 4)
Return to Blackbough and head west to find a beached boat guarded by several Drowners (level four). Kill them and a stronger, purple Drowner (level four) will rise from the water and attack. Once that beast is put down, loot the corpses near one of the boats.

Lynch Mob (level 7)
Head south-west along the nearby road until you discover the "Hangman's Alley" signpost. West of here you'll find a group of Nordlings about to hang a Nilfgaardian deserter... for reasons of pure vengeance. If you leave the event without doing anything, the Nordlings will go about their bloody business, so be sure to deal with it now. Talk to one of the Peasants and decide whether you want to help stop the violence by perpetrating more violence, or if you want to maintain your Witcher neutrality and let things proceed. If you take the former approach the Nilf will thank you, and head off to his wife and newborn daughter. If you take the latter... well, you can loot the strung-up Nilf for a letter that confirms his motivations.

Objective	Reward
For saving the Nilfgaardian from the Lynch Mob	25 XP
Hidden Treasure: Sunken Treasure (level 4)
North-west of the "Hangman's Alley" signpost, along the shore, you'll find a "Hidden Treasure" event. Search a decomposed corpse for a "Water-Damaged Letter" to start the quest "Sunken Treasure". Read the letter, then, from the corpse, swim north to find a sunken ship guarded by two Drowners (level ten). Near the ship you'll find an odd shell and a chest, which if you loot for its surprisingly meagre contents, will complete this quest.

Abandoned Site (level 7)
Continue west along the shore until you find an "Abandoned Site" occupied by several Bandits (level seven). Smite them and Peasants will move in, including an Herbalist. Inside the house you'll find some containers worth looting, and a "Letter" on the bed.

Objective	Reward
For liberating the Abandoned Site	150 XP
50 Crowns
Hidden Treasure: A Costly Mistake (level 18)
Keep heading along the coast to the west to find a "Hidden Treasure" event. Kill a pair of Drowners (level four) and loot a nearby corpse to find some "Smuggler's Notes," starting the quest "A Costly Mistake." Read the notes, then swim towards a large, sunken ship to the south-west. In these waters you'll have to dispatch Drowners (levels four and ten) with your trusty crossbow. They respawn rather quickly (especially to the south), and actually, can be farmed quite easily, should you be of a mind to engage in such an exercise. Search along the submerged western end of this ship to find a chest which contains, amongst other goodies, the Silver Sword Maugrim. As usual, you can come back to this later if you wish to fish for a superior (higher level) version of this weapon.

Guarded Treasure (level 15)
From the sunken ship we (may) have just looted swim south-east to find a small island with part of a ruined ship on it. Search the remains of this derelict vessel to find a chest containing valuable loot. From here, swim south to find another island that provides a resting spot for a somewhat more intact ship. Along the southern end of this ship you'll find another pair of treasure chests, one of which has exceptional loot inside.

Swim west to find another island, where you can find a "Guarded Treasure" event. To score the loot here, you'll need to best a Noonwraith (level fifteen), which may be a bit of a challenge if you're too low of a level. Just remember what we learned back in White Orchard-if you attack while the wraith is outside of Yrden, you'll deal about 10% of your potential damage, which is not a winning formula. Strong attack, then dodge back, and keep Yrden up, and if that fails, come back when you're stronger. Between two halves of a sundered ship you'll find a chest that contains the valuable loot we're looking for. There are also several scattered barrels around.

Bandit Camp (level 7)
Swim east back to the mainland and continue east until you find a road, at which point head south. At a crossroads you'll find a Bandit Camp. Kill the Bandits (level seven) then loot a chest near a campfire for some quality loot. Another chest can be found by a wagon along the road to the east, with somewhat less valuable loot inside.

Person(s) In Distress (level 6)
From the Bandit Camp head north-east to find another, larger camp occupied by Renegades (levels five and six). Kill them and loot their leader for a "Cage Key" which can be used on a nearby cage to free a Barber, who invites you to peruse his services if you ever stop by Claywich. Fair enough.

Loot the camp for loot of varying quality, the best of which will probably be found in a chest near a tent along the eastern edge of camp. This signature loot will be diluted by a collection low-quality weapons, which conspire to fill your inventory. Near a tent along the western end of the camp you'll find some "Bandit's Notes". Seems that our friendly, civilized Nilfs are no more civilized than the ancient Athenians were. Oh well... Refugees will take control of this site after you leave.

Guarded Treasure (level 9)
Speaking of which, head south from the cage to find a trail running south-east, then east. When you reach a crossroads, head south-east to find a burnt-down house, now a gathering spot for Endrega (level nine), mostly easily-smote Workers. Crush the bugs, then loot two chests, one of which has a selection of quality goodies.

So ends the first part of our exploration between Blackbough and Midcopse. If you're allergic to loot, you can follow the nearby road north of the Guarded Treasure to the south-east, then south to reach Midcopse. If you wish to keep searching this area, on the other hand, continue to the next section.

Bandit Camp (level 9)
From the burnt-down house follow a trail south to reach a modest Bandit Gamp. Kill a trio of Bandits (level nine) then loot a chest near a tree. Continue south from the camp and you might be attacked by a host of Endrega (level nine) led by an Arachasae (level eleven). Kill the lesser bugs, then focus on the Arachasae. This big critter can spit streams of poison in a cone, and it can hold you in place temporarily with webbing, so be prepared to dodge if you see it acting strange. Sounds tricky, but the Quen and the "rule-of-three" works fine. Continue south until you reach a crossroads, at which point briefly follow a road to the east to find a "Forest Hut" which can be looted-it comes complete with a signpost, too.

Bandit Camp (level 10)
Return west to the crossroads and from here follow the road south to find another Bandit Camp. Kill three more Bandits (level ten) then search a pair of containers near a tree. Once done, head along a trail to the south, then when you reach another crossroads venture up a trail to the north-west, when it splits, follow the western of the two branches to eventually reach the beach. The trail will fade away in the game-but not on your minimap. In any event, if you keep heading north-west, you'll get to where we're going.

Hidden Treasure: Queen Zuleyka's Treasure (level 4)
This place is lousy with Bandits (level seven)-over a dozen of them in all, including several archers. Defeat this horde, then search up and down the beach for various containers to loot, during which you should discover the "Coast of Wrecks" signpost. If you stray too far from the pirate's camp, you'll discover that some refugees-including a Merchant-have moved in.

More interestingly, on a cot near a campfire you can find some "Pirate's Notes," which, when obtained, starts the quest "Queen Zuleyka's Treasure." Read the notes and swim to the search area north of where we (may have) fought the Noonwraith earlier and dive to find a sunken ship. Dispatch any Drowners (levels four or ten) nearby, then swim into the ship, which you can enter through the eastern side. Inside you'll find a large shell and a chest to loot.

Guarded Treasure (level 6)
Return to shore near the "Treasure Hunt" event we just cleared, then follow the shore south-west, then west to find "Guarded Treasure" event. Kill the nearby Drowners (level six) and loot a chest and a corpse near a dead whale. Near a broken tree to the west you'll find another corpse worth looting.

Hidden Treasure (level 4)
Circle around the dead whale-if you're squeamish, try not to stare at its spilled intestines-and swim to an island to the south-west, where you can find a chest with worthwhile loot inside. From here, swim south-east to find a Hidden Treasure event complete underwater. Kill a Drowner (level four) then search a chest near the southern edge of the search area.

Bandit Camp (level 7)
Swim south to reach a small peninsula then make your way inland to find some ruins, now occupied by a host of Pirates (level seven). Kill then, then, from the northern entrance to these ruins look south-west and go up a short flight of stairs to find a chest, which contains the Diagram: Enhanced Griffin Steel Sword. Score. It's a fine upgrade for when you hit level fourteen, so keep your old sword around. Of less interest, you can loot the Pirate Captain for the "Pirate Leader's Notes" which links this group of pirates to the horde we killed to the north. As for the Enhanced Griffin Sword... we'll have to find its silver counterpart sooner or later, but that can wait until we're a higher level.

Smuggler's Cache
Loot a dug-up grave to the east of the ruins to score another shot at some decent loot, then head south-west of the ruins. Dive into the water and swim to the south-west to find a "Smuggler's Cache" event, where three chests-moored to barrels-have been sunk. Help yourself to even more loot, then cackle gleefully as you swim back to shore.

Abandoned Site (level 5)
Return to the ruins and follow a road to the north, then north east, until this road forks. No sense in backtracking to the north... or east, for that matter. In fact, screw the roads! Troop off into the wilderness to the north-east to find an Abandoned Site. If you were hoping to be done with killing large groups of humans... well, you're out of luck here. A horde of Bandits (level five) occupy a camp here, including plenty of archers. At least here you can use tents to provide cover against missiles, if you find that effective. Once the Bandits are dead, refugees will move in, and here-unlike the other refugee camps we've created-will get a signpost, aptly named "Refugees' Camp". There will also be an Herbalist here.

Objective	Reward
For liberating the Abandoned Site	120 XP
50 Crowns
Bandit Camp (level 10)
Loot the camp and head east, abandoning the refugees so they can worship their weird idol. Pass a road and, slightly to the south you'll find a Bandit Camp. Kill the Bandits (level ten) then loot a chest near a tree. From here, you just need to head south-east to find Midcopse, and we've done everything between Blackbough and our destination... and hopefully have come off somewhat better off for it.

Hunting A Witch
Midcopse
In Midcopse, ask random peasants (who will get a quest marker when you approach them) where to find the witch. An Old Man sitting along the road leading out of town to the west should point you in the right direction. Well, that was simple. Alternatively, you can bother a peasant women west of the Blacksmith, who will complain about her lazy husband. After this, go speak to said lazy husband and he'll tell you about the witch for a bribe (50 Crowns) or with the prodding of the Axii Sign.

Before you leave, play Gwent with a Armorer and a Merchant, buy "Edwin Greloff's First Map" and "Edwin Greloff's Second Map" from the Armorer which starts the first two parts of the quest "Scavanger Hunt: Griffin School Diagrams", then grab the "Contract: Jenny o' the Woods" to start a quest of the same name. It's a short enough diversion, so why not take care of it?

Objective	Rewards
For using Axii on the peasant and learning where the witch lives	40 XP
Contract: Jenny O' the Woods (level 10)
Talk to Ealdorman Balko and he'll give you the details of the contract, directing you to speak to an eye-witness named Agneta. As is usual of "eye-witness" testimony, it leaves much to be desired, but she does give us a time and location, which is helpful enough. Head to the fields north-west of the village and use your Witcher Senses around the middle of the search area to pick up some tracks. Examine them, then examine a scrap of fabric near a bush. Follow some more tracks south, then west along a trail until you find a blood pool to search. Do so to discover an Assassin's Knife, then follow the trail further to find the site of the grave, where you'll find a "Letter Found in a Grave." Read it to discover the names of involved persons, after which Geralt will guess their motives, but suggest checking up with the Ealdorman.

Objective	Reward
For discovering the body	25 XP
Return to the Ealdorman and ask him about the names mentioned in the letter. He, like Agneta, isn't terribly helpful, but he will point you to a likely spot to search north-west of the village. Head to the new search area and near the center of the search area you'll find a small camp. Interact with the campfire and if it's not night already, rest until 10:00 (or later, but the Nightwraith will interrupt you at this time, anyways).

Fight her the same way you fought the Noonwraith(s) you fought earlier-Yrden to allow your Silver Sword to damage her (otherwise she takes 10% of your normal damage), strong attack, and dodge. When she blinds you, dispatch her clones quickly with fast attacks, then repeat the above process. Loot her remains for a Forgotten Vran Sword, a Nightwraith Trophy, and other goodies. Her, or one of her clones, will have also certainly dropped at least one Nightwraith Mutagen, for what that's worth. Return to the Ealdorman to collect your reward.

Objective	Reward
For slaying Jenny o' the Woods	240 XP
179 Crowns
