Cabaret
Now it's finally time to return to Dandelion and help him out. When you enter the Rosemary and Thyme you'll spot Dandelion arguing with Priscilla, and with all the Courtesans standing about, it's not hard to imagine what the issue is. After Priscilla storms off talk to Dandelion, who will resolve to make something out of this inn... but of course, he needs your help. He won't take a loan from you, but he will take a loan from a jilted former lover. First, however, we need to retrieve some sword from Irina. You can also talk to Dudu before you leave, if you care to, and if you talk to Dandelion you can give him the painting of the Hierarch the nonhumans gave you at the end of "Poet Under Pressure."

The Crimson Avenger!
Head over to Irina, who is with the rest of the actors in the quarters south of Hierarch Square. Simply talk to her to gain the "Blunt Sword," then head to Sophronia's house, which is north of Hierarch Square. Wait until night if you must, then approach the house to trigger Dandelion, who will waste little time in laying out his grand plan. Agree or not, and Dandelion will convince you to play along. How well you play the part is, ultimately, up to you.

Objective	Reward
For succumbing to the might of the Crimson Avenger	50 XP
Return to the Rosemary and Thyme, where you'll find that, in spite of not quite having any coin, Dandelion has hired contractors to renovate the inn. Make some decor decisions on behalf of Dandelion, then Priscilla will send you out to find Dandelion. Seems like something we have to do frequently.

Acquiring a Choreographer
Head to a house north of Hattori's shop (near the center of the docks district), where you'll see him banging on a door. Seems he's having trouble with his choreographer. Or rather, her husband. Activate your Witcher Senses and search a bucket to the east to find the "Key to Polly's Home," with which you can enter the house without breaking anything. Head inside and confront the husband, where you'll have to make a few timed decisions. Either pick a fight and beat the husband at fisticuffs, or keep the husband calm while Dandelion works his diplomatic magic. Either way, you'll secure his wife's services as a choreographer. Of course, that's not the end of things. Oh no. He's also go some placard problems he needs you to resolve. Agree to take care of this task and send him back to Priscilla. Hopefully she can keep him out of trouble for a change.

Objective	Reward
For convincing the choreographer's husband	50 XP
A Halfling's Hobby
Our next destination is along the western side of the central district, west of Hierarch Square. Head there and go inside the house to find that it's... well, it's never simple. Like too many halflings, our placard-painter is in debt, and some fine folk have come to collect. They don't want to share, either. Beat them at fisticuffs and they'll tell you where Rautlec is-wasting more coin he doesn't have at the horse races.

Fast-travel to the "Vegelbud Residence" signpost and head north to find your wayward halfling. He'll tell you about a new bet he's risking, after which you can either pay him 200 Crowns to get out of debt, offer to win the race for him, or decide that Dandelion doesn't need any placards. The race is easy enough to win-it's the same race you may have done at the behest of Morvran Voorhis.

Objective	Reward
For winning the race	25 XP
80 Crowns
Mastercrafted Saddle
For recovering the placards	25 XP
Return to the Rosemary and Thyme and talk to Dandelion. The dwarves have been busy at work and the transformation is almost complete. Dandelion will fuss a bit if you didn't pick the "theatrical" theme, but once you tell him about the placards (if you recovered them) he'll focus on the good news. He also decides on a name change, after which he invites Geralt to drink. If you agree, he'll ask you about what Priscilla said to you, then more chatter will commence. After a while, Geralt and Dandelion will get some bad news regarding Priscilla. This ends "Cabaret" and begins "Carnal Sins."

Objective	Reward
For helping Dandelion realize his cabaret dream	50 XP
