Scavenger Hunt Under the Temple Isle
We're probably near level twenty, or soon will be. Those Enhanced Griffin School Swords have served us well so far, but we'll need something stronger, soon, and Enhanced Cat School Swords might do just the trick... the armor is also nothing to turn your nose up at either, being one of the better suits of armor in the game... once fully upgraded, anyways. This section will cover getting that gear... and doing a few odd jobs on the side. We should already have the diagrams for the Enhanced Feline Gauntlets, the Enhanced Feline Trousers, the Superior Feline Silver Sword, the Feline Steel Sword, the Enhanced Feline Steel Sword and the Feline Silver Sword.

Scavenger Hunt: Cat School Gear (level 17)
Fast-travel to the "Elector's Square" signpost on Novigrad's Temple Isle. From there head west and down some stairs to the north, turning west and going down another flight of stairs immediately after the first building ends. Continue west until you find a ramp going down to the north, and when the ramp ends head down some stairs to the south, heading downhill along some buildings. When the buildings end turn south-west and head around the western side of the buildings to the north until the path terminates at a ledge. Drop down and continue north, then north-east to find a cave.

Enter the cave and venture south-east until you find some rocks blocking your passage. Or the illusions of rocks, rather. Use the Eye of Neheleri to dispel the rocks and follow the linear path to reach a large chamber. Sadly, this entire area is stupidly treated as an "indoor" area, meaning Geralt walks at the speed of a gimped snail. In this large chamber you'll find a Golem (level fourteen) skulking around. Dispatch it and have a look around. There are three paths you can take from here-tunnels lie to the south and north-east, and to the south-west you'll find a door which is currently locked.

The Southern Tunnel
Might as well get to it, then. Head down the southern tunnel and Aard a weak section of wall. Go through the hole in the wall you made and continue south-west down broken ground to reach some water, in a chest lies submerged. Swim to the southern shore and climb up a ramp to reach a chamber. Avoid the poisoned mushrooms in the middle of the chamber and kill a Wraith (level seven) that arrives to challenge you, then loot a chest along the southern end of the chamber. Near the chest you'll also find the note "Invoice for a Golem."

The North-Eastern Tunnel
Backtrack to the main chamber, then head down the north-eastern tunnel, which shortly turns south-east, then south. Scale some ledges, continue south, then turn east and head through a doorway to find some words written on a rock that read "Look to the depths to be lifted up." Okay. Continue east to find some elven ruins, which are guarded by a Wraith (level seven). Kill it and search along the north-western ring of the ruins to find some "Research Notes," then search south-west of the ruins to find the note "Mysterious Recipe" on a crate.

If you read the notes, you'll discover that whomever was here before us, they were researching Drowners, for whatever reason. Turn your attention to the elven ruins nearby and note that there are several statues and levers around the outside of the ruins. Your goal here is to flip the levers, which turn the statues. Once all the statues are facing towards the interior of the ruins, you can proceed. Simply flip each lever repeatedly until the statues all face inward (most need to be activated twice, but one doesn't need any adjustments at all). Once they're all facing into the ruins, the floor will roll back revealing a pool of water. Dive in and kill three Drowners (level ten) with your crossbow, then dive to the bottom and search to the east to find the "Laboratory Key."