Novigrad (Continued)
The Laboratory
Surface and return back to the large chamber where the Golem once prowled and head south-east to find a door, which we can now open with the Laboratory Key. Inside you'll find Mad Kiyan (level seventeen)-presumably once a Witcher, but whatever it is now... whatever. It's not friendly. It's faster than most swordsmen we've faced so far and can use Signs (being particularly fond of protecting itself with Quen), but it's not terribly powerful. Kill him and loot him for a Moonblade, the "Laboratory Notebook," the Diagram: Feline Trousers, Diagram: Feline Gauntlets, Diagram: Feline Boots, and Diagram: Feline Armor. This completes the quest "Scavanger Hunt: Cat School Gear," but it's not the end of our hunt. Loot the laboratory for various books and crafting components, then leave.

Place of Power
Return to the "Elector's Square" signpost and follow the road west of it to the north. It'll wind its way north, then east along the northern end of the island until finally terminating at a wooden gate, which leads to a large temple dedicated to the Eternal Fire. We're not here for relgious reasons, however, so ignore all the petitioners out front and head down some stairs to the south, then south-east. Depart the fancy tiles and follow a trail to reach a Place of Power overlooking a ledge. Draw from it to score an Ability Point, then return to the "Elector's Square" signpost again.

A Message From an Old Friend
We'll be travelling a bit during our quest to secure the Enhanced Cat gear, so why not start some quests we can complete on the way? Fast-travel to Hierarch Square and find a shop along the north-eastern end of the square, just across from the Kingfisher. Here you'll find bookseller named Marcus T.K. Hodgson, who, if you talk to him, will tell you a book that was left for you. Activate your Witcher Senses and... well, just loot his shop. The book you're looking for is upstairs in a bookshelf, along the eastern wall, near a stair case railing. Grab "My Manifesto - The Life of Jacques de Aldersburg" and go into your inventory and read the "Letter from "A"" that you found inside. This letter references a close acquaintance from the first game... With that, this quest ends. You can also play Gwent with Hodgson. Do so and leave the shop.

Objective	Reward
For finding the "Letter from "A"	50 XP
51 Crowns

Of Dairy and Darkness (level 9)
From the bookseller's shop head north to reach the notice board south-east of the "St. Gregory's Bridge" signpost. Behind (west of) this signpost is a shop, in which you'll find a Merchant who is all too happily selling items confiscated from mages who were unfortunate enough to fall into the hands of Witch Hunters. Buy the "Lizard Figure" (36 Crowns) and "Jade Figurine" (4 Crowns). If you buy this second Jade Figuring it'll start the quest "The Nobleman Statuette." You can also buy the "Old Wine From Toussaint" (4 Crowns) and "The Curious Cases of Virtuous Vegga" (49 Crowns) if you want, but they're not needed for this quest. This starts the quest "Of Dairy and Darkness."