Boots Around Benek
Backtrack to the "Aeramas' Abandoned Manor" signpost and fast-travel to Benek. There are two quests we can do-one which will lead us to the last bit of Enhanced Feline gear, and another which... well, it's fast enough to just get out of the way. Talk to the Old Sage and give him some food and he'll spin a prophecy for you, starting the quest "The Truth is in the Stars."

The Truth is in the Stars
Head south-east along a road leading from the village until you find a cave. Enter the cave and travel south-west, picking whatever mushrooms you please along the way. Shortly you'll come to a chamber, at which point you'll need to turn north to find a search area. Kill four Ghouls (level two) and search some bodies lying around, if you wish. The Dragonsroot we're after is lying near the wall, along the south-eastern edge of the search area. Pick the plant and take it back to the Old Sage, and he'll give a rather convincing prophecy.

Objective	Reward
For hearing a prophecy	XP Varies
Contract: Phantom of the Trade Route (level 23)
Now find a Refugee along the northern end of Benek, who will ask you to investigate the disappearance of some of the townsfolk who were guarding a merchant caravan. Haggle for coin (or not) then agree to help out to start the quest "Contract: Phantom of the Trade Route." The level is high, but if you've got the Enhanced Feline Silver Sword and beat the Leshen earlier, you'll be fine.

Travel north-west along the road from Benek, and when the road forks continue north to find a search area, along the northern end of which is the caravan. Activate your Witcher Senses and investigate some cut rope, foot prints, a claw mark, and a barrel to pick up a scent trail leading uphill to the north-east. Follow the scent trail along more conventional trail to find a cave, outside of which is a body for your to investigate.

Head past a large stalagmite that bisects the cave entrance and into the cave. Continue east until you find some ledges, then head north-east to find some refugees cowering inside the cave. Ask them about what happened, and about Thomil to identify the beast and learn Thomil's fate. Our beasts lie to the south-east, but first, head south-west and keep your eye to the south to find a chest containing the Diagram: Enhanced Feline Boots.

Objective	Reward
For finding the survivors	30 XP
For learning about the beast	25 XP
Backtrack to the south-east and head up a ramp along the eastern side of the cave. Continue south, scale a ledge, then leap across a chasm, turn south-east, then scale some more ledges and head outside to find the Wyvern nest. Here you'll find two Wyverns (level twenty-one)-use Draconid Oil on your Silver Sword and perhaps a Potion of Thunderbolt to see you through this fight then blow up the two nests. Geralt will wait, and eventually the Royal Wyvern will show up. Aside from being larger than the other two, it doesn't fight very different. Kill it and-after the peasants bother you-loot it for the Silver Sword Anathema, and a Royal Wyvern Trophy, among other things. Be sure to loot the lesser Wyverns and the nests before you go. When you're done, return to the Refugee in Benek and collect your reward.

Objective	Rewards
For destroying the Monster Nest	20 XP Each
For slaying the Royal Wyvern	250 XP
192 Crowns
Toderas
Now let's clear up a few more map markers. If you head north-west from Benek (past the caravan ambush site) you'll find the abandoned town of Toderas (and its signpost). Here you'll find two groups of Bandits (levels four and five) who have decided to loot the town. When you approach they'll tell you to go away. You can call them monsters and attack, or you can let them go-but Geralt will sow strife amongst them in doing so, and the two groups will end up fighting. Either way, loot the town, then head north-west into a swamp, where you'll find a house sinking into a swamp. Kill a pair of Foglets (level four) haunting the area, then loot around the house. On parcel in particular-the one north of the small structure-contains valuable loot.

Hidden Treasure: Hidden From the World (level 9)
Head east from the sinking structures to find a road, then follow this road north. When you reach a fork continue north and eventually this road will bisect another running east-west. Contine north into the wilderness to find a "Hidden Treasure" event. Kill the Bandits (level nine) at the camp and loot one for a "Letter." Read it to start the quest "Hidden From the World." From the camp head south and slightly west, cross the road, and scale a hill. You'll find the chest you're looking for hidden in some bushes, past the rocks surrounding the top of the hill.

Well, we're ready to move onto Skellige, gear-wise, and probably well past ready, level-wise. There are a few more issues we should resolve before we leave Novigrad, however... Ignore them if you wish, but how (or whether) we complete these quests have significant impact on the story in the long run.