Skellige Traditions
Return east to the road and continue following it to the north-west to find Kaer Trolde in the distance. The road will split again-if you continue north-west you'll pass over most of the town and eventually reach the ""Bridge to Kaer Trolde" signpost. Instead go downhill to the west until the path splits yet again. From here go north-east to reach the "Kaer Trolde Harbor"-the place and the signpost.

Near the signpost you'll find some woodcutters working on a totem. Talk to Bjorg, who will tell you of an unusual Drowner problem (as if there are "normal" Drowner troubles!). Haggling with them or not, then agree to help him out, which starts the quest "Contract: Muire D'yaeblen". Yeah, we're here to see Yennefer, but there's no harm in picking up the odd quest on the side. Talk to the nearby Boatwright's Apprentice to learn more about the beast, then head west along the shore.

Continue west along some docks where a crowd has gathered to witness a somber scene-a funeral, a death, and a taste of Skellige tradition. After the scene Geralt will find Yennefer. You can choose to flirt with her like a fool, or talk business. Tell Yennefer what you learned in Velen and Novigrad, and she'll tell you about all the nothing she did while you were busy. Crach will show up and insist you show up at Bran's wake, and Yennefer, like all the bossy women Geralt knows, demands that he dress nicely for the occasion. The quest "Destination: Skellige" ends, and "The King is Dead - Long Live the King" begins.

Objective	Reward
For finding Yennefer in Skellige	250 XP
The King is Dead - Long Live the King (level 16)
Well, we might as well continue exploring Kaer Trolde, since we're here and all. Head back east along the docks, where you'll find a Skelliger with an exclaimation point above his head. Talk to him and he'll tell you a tale of woe before asking you to help him out with some coin. Either pay him 150 Crowns or not. If you do, he'll promise to repay you the next time he sees you back in Novigrad. You can also find a Merchant around here, but all he sells are more (or rather, the same) maps.

Return to the signpost and continue east. Town stuff to do! First thing you'll come across is a notice board on which you'll find the following notices "Contract: Woodland Spirit," "Contract: Stolen Sword," "Contract: Muire D'yaeblen," "Gwent Lessons" and "Fist Fights." We've already started the quest "Contract: Muire D'yaeblen," but grabbing the others starts the quests "In the Heart of the Woods," "The Family Blade," "Gwent: Skellige Style" and "Fists of Fury: Skellige."

Turn north-perusing the wares of a Merchant and an Herbalist (the latter of which plays Gwent and might have some new formulae to sell)-then head across a bridge and continue north a bit to find the inn Yennefer is staying at to the west. Head inside and talk to the Jonas the Innkeep. Not only does he play Gwent, he also will sell you a variety of Gwent cards, including the "Earth Elemental" Card, the "Eredin, King of the Wild Hunt" card, and the "Botchling" Card. Once you're done reinforcing your deck, head through a door in the south-western corner of the inn to find Yennefer's room.

Loot the room and look around with your Witcher Senses to find the books "The Poisoned Source" and "Yennefer's Journal." You can also investigate her Megascope, some clothes, her signature perfume, the infamous stuffed unicorn, and of course, the chest with the clothes she wants us to wear. Put on the clothes for a tidy experience reward and Geralt will ponder his relationship with Yennefer-a test of faith he seems to do every time he has to look presentable.

Objective	Reward
For putting on the fancy clothes	150 XP
If you're still unkempt, you can find a tailor/barber east of the inn. There's no reward for prettying yourself up this much, however. Anyways, when you're ready continue south-east, cross the bridge, and return to the "Kaer Trolde" signpost. From here, follow the road south-west, then east after it forks. When it forks again head north-east, across a gated, towered, and roofed bridge, uphill, and ultimately into a tunnel. Continue through the tunnel to reach a bridge leading to the keep, marked by the "Bridge to Kaer Trolde" signpost.

Attending the Wake
Approach the keep and you'll see Yennefer chatting with Bran's widow, Birna. Despite the fact that she was all too eager to engage Yennefer in political debate, she now decides that, on this sad day, she can't be bothered to indulge in long conversations. Geralt and Yennefer will exchange compliments, then you'll have to follow her through the keep and to the wake.

You'll be seated by a functionary, where Cerys an Craite and her friends will discuss politics, and ultimately end up challenging you to a race. A foot race, as it turns out. Accept and race her to the top, the goal being to claim an axe at the top of the mountain. Claim victory (or not) and you'll end up back at the party where drinks will be offered. Be a good Witcher and turn down the alcohol.

Objective	Reward
For rubbing elbows at the Wake	150 XP
Follow Yennefer to the next bunch of attendees, including Birna, Holger Blackhand, and Svanrige an Tuirseach, where you'll discuss Skellige traditional funeral customs, and Holger will express his dislike for Birna. Continue following Yennefer until she introduces you to Jarl Donar and Hindar and Jarl Madman Lugos, who don't seem to like each other. After Lugos is rude to Yennefer you can say "Gone too far, Lugos" to pick a fight with him, or "Let's calm down" to avoid one. It's more lucrative to fight, although Lugos probably is quite a bit stronger than you (level thirty), but a solo fistfight is pretty easy if you can parry. Beat Lugos and he'll become much friendlier.

Objective	Reward
For smacking around Jarl Lugos	150 XP
Ermion's Lab
Continue following Yennefer and she'll reveal her real reason for attending the wake. Keep following her to Ermion's lab, looting as you go. After a close call, continue on to his lab, which, apparently won't be as easy to enter as simply using the front door. Backtrack a bit and head out a window, drop down a ledge to the east, and climb another to the north, then go through another window to reach the Ermion's chambers. Head down some stairs to the north and go through a gate to find Ermion's collection. Use your Witcher Senses to examine the subjects of his hobby, then investigate a bowl along the northern end of the room for a description from Yennefer. When you're ready to move on, examine a door to the west, which has unintended consequences.

Fight off the beasts that attack (don't worry, they don't perform up to their level) after which Yennefer will talk to you and point out a... silly revelation. After passing the Trial of Taxidermy, follow Yennefer through the door Geralt examined earlier (although with less silly consequences this time around) and continue west to reach his lab.

Turn on your Witcher Senses and you'll find the letter "Ermion's Correspondance," the books "Tales of the Wild Hunt," and "The White Frost" and the "The Corpse of Novigrad." You can also investigate some alchemy equipment, a sword in-the-stone, a map, a statue, a carved goat, his tobacco pipe. More importantly, on a table to the east you'll find a "Cone," on a smaller table near a bookshelf rests a "Skull," and on a bedside table to the south-west is some "Mead." With these in hand, examine the statue again and place the Mead in its hand to open a secret door to the west.

Head through the door and down some stairs to find the object of your-or at least, Yennefer's-desires. While she's gawking, an Earth Elemental will animate and attack. This fight is similar to the Golem we fought alongside Keira Metz earlier, and like Keira, Yennefer will help out. Loot the elemental when it falls, after which the Druid will spring a nasty surprise. Make a timed decision-if you are pessimistic, you'll appear back at the Wake. If you're perverted, you'll appear at the tavern where Yennefer is staying. Once there, you can continue to flirt with Yennefer to spend some quality time with her. Poor unicorn.

Either way, once you're back at the Wake, claimants to the throne will confirm their candidacy, after which Yennefer and Geralt will get their audience with Crach. He's sympathetic to our goal, and will give us free reign to search for Ciri as we wish-promising to keep Ermion and his druids at bay. He'll also ask us to help keep his children-Hjalmar and Cerys-safe if their quests to prove themselves worth of being the next king... or queen. This starts the quests "The Lord of Undvik," "Possession" and "Echoes of the Past" and ends "The King is Dead - Long Live the King." Seems we have our work cut out for us.

Objective	Reward
For surviving the Wake and meeting with Crach	600 XP
From Kaer Trolde to Rannvain
Yennefer awaits us far to the south-east... but since we're in Kaer Trolde, we might as well help deal with some local problems and once we're done with that, we'll clear map markers on our way to Yennefer.

First let's talk to Crach again-he'll usually be in his room after the party (although you might have to wait for him to make it there). From the battlement on which you talked head north and go up some wooden stairs along the western wall of the keep, then through a doorway to return to the main hall. Go through a door in the south-western corner and continue south until you find a room to the east, wherein you'll find Crach. Talk to him about Hammand to update the quest "Following the Thread."

Leave the castle, but on your way out (in the chamber just before the bridge) turn north to find an Armorer. He's a Journeyman-level craftsman, plays Gwent, and he sells a large (and expensive) variety of diagrams for you to buy. He also sells "Ibrahim Savi's Second Map" and "Ibrahim Savi's Fourth Map," which start the quests "Scavenger Hunt: Bear School Gear upgrade Plans - Part 2" and "Scavenger Hunt: Bear School Gear upgrade Plans - Part 4," respectively. We'll have to see about acquiring some of this Ursine Armor... but that can wait a bit. Last but not least, ask him about a master craftsman (he'll just point you to Fergus out in Velen) and politics.