Skellige (Continued)
Contract: Muire D'Yaeblen (level 18)
Let's finish off that contract we started earlier. First step, talk to the other person of interest-a "Skellige Woman"-the widow of one of the victims, who will tell you her tale. Once done, leave Kaer Trolde Harbor and follow the road south of it to the west to reach a watchpost built upon a hill, where you can score a chest. To get to the coast, head down a steep hill south of this watch post, where you'll find a search area.

Objective	Reward
For talking to the Skelligers about the Drowner attacks	25 XP
Kill some Drowners (level eighteen) and search a body along the water line to pick up a scent trail, then activate your Witcher Senses and follow the shallows along the cliff face to the south, scoring a lucrative chest as you go. When the shallows end, dive into the water and swim south around a rocky out-cropping, then dive and and swim into a cave to the east. You'll be able to spot some tracks along the floor and wall of the cave as you swim-follow the linear tunnel as it twists and turns, then surface in the Drowner's lair.

Objective	Reward
For discovering the Drowner Lair	25 XP
From where you surface follow some tracks east, blast some poisonous gas with Igni, then turn north to find a watery chamber housing several Drowners (level eighteen). These Necrophages like to frolic in the gas clouds along the northern end of the room-teach a lesson by blasting it with Igni. Once they're dispatched into a tunnel east of the chamber you just cleared and investigate a corpse on the ground to determine that, while we're in a Drowner lair, the monster we're hunting is no Drowner. Explore the room to the east to confirm this even further, then study some boat debris along the eastern end of the room to identify your quarry.

Make the Drowner Pheromones potion (if you haven't already) then consume it before heading into a tunnel to the south-east, where Geralt will await the return of your prey. Once this occurs, return to the chamber to the north-west to find our foe, joined by two Drowners (level eighteen). Nothing exceptional hear-just a Water Hag, so you know what to expect. She'll throw much, claw you, dive into the water to resurface and repeat. Necrophage Oil works wonders here. Once she'd dead, loot her for the Steel Sword Daystar, a Water Hag Mutagen, and a Water Hag Trophy, amongst other goodies. Once done, search this chamber to find a chest. Two more can be found in the tunnels to the south-east, at each end of the Y-shaped fork.

Backtrack west, then south to reach the three-way fork. If you head west you'll return down the tunnel you entered the lair through. If you go down the unexplored path to the east you'll find another exit out of here. From this exit, if you swim north you'll reach an isolated shoreline where you can find two more chests. Return to Kaer Trolde Harbor and talk to Bjorg to collect your reward. If you haggle for more based on the nature of the foe you faced, you'll get it, but it'll make Bjorg unhappy.

Objective	Reward
For slaying the Water Hag, Abaya	250 XP
187-281 Crowns
Worthy of Trust
Leave Kaer Trolde Harbor and follow the road south. Midway between Kaer Trolde and the "Crossroads" signpost, east of the road, you'll find a Merchant. If you remember, he sells nothing but useless maps. Now, however, there's a Skelliger sitting nearby with a quest for us. Talk to him and Geralt will recognize our him as the poor Merchant he gave a loan to earlier. Geralt will call him out on his thievery, after which you have three options, let him go, turn him into the Jarl, or attack him. The latter two options end with you having to kill him, starting-and ending-the quest "Worthy of Trust." You'll get 20 Crowns for the effort, and you can loot his body for the 150 Crowns you gave him earlier. If you let him go, you'll just get 20 Crowns, and the conman will wander off... It might be tempting to kill him, but it's more lucrative to let him go.

Objective	Reward
For confronting the con-man	20 Crowns
Rannvaig
Continue south along the road to reach the "Crossroads" signpost. From here, head south-east and cross a bridge, following the road until it forks. At this fork continue south, then south-west to reach the village of Rannvaig. Check out the notice board outside of town and pick up the notice "Nithing" to start the quest "The Nithing," and the notice "Contract: Missing Son" to start a quest of the same name. You can also find an Alchemist named Jonna, who will sell you alchemical supplies, and perhaps the odd formula or two.

Head south to find Odhen, who will tell you about his son, lured by tales of treasure and glory. You'll recognize the boy by his yellow tunic. Considering the level of this quest, we'll ignore it for now. For a quest we can deal with, continue south-east along a road from the "Rannvaig" signpost, then head south when it forks. Ignore the first road east, but take the second to find the home of Lothar, whose family is suffering from the effects of a wicked curse. Geralt will present Lothar with two ways to deal with the quest-but first, we're going to have to learn more about it... namely the identity of the curser.

The Nithing
Examine the Nithing to the north, which will reveal a trail near the totem. Our hexxer was wise enough to set a curse, but not smart enough to cover their tracks. Follow them north-west to find a woman's shawl, which leaves a scent trail. Follow the scent trail back to the village, where the scent is lost amongst the fragrant musk of unwashed Skelligers. Talk to a "Skelliger Woman" along the south-western edge of the search area and ask about the shawl, and she'll point you to Jonna. Somebody's in trouble...

Confront Jonna and she'll be rather unrepentant, telling her side of the story before giving some rather absurd terms for lifting the curse. Return to Lothar and tell him the news, which, predictably, he declines. Either agree to resolve things by turning the curse back on Jonna (pick the dialogue option "So be it") or say "Can't do that" to force Lothar to suck it up and go back to Jonna. If you choose the latter option, the quest ends, and you'll get experience, but no Crowns. On the other hand, if you pick the former option you'll have to inscribe Jonna's name on the Nithing, which reverses the curse (to Jonna's detriment), then talk to Lothar again to complete the quest.

Objective	Reward
For breaking the Nithing curse	XP Varies
For counter-cursing Jonna	60 Crowns
