From Fayrlund to Fyresdal
We're now done with Fayrlund, time to continue our trek south to Fyresdal.

Bandit Camp (level 12)
From Rannvaig head east, where you'll find a Bandit Camp along the southern end of a lake. Kill the resident Bandits (level twelve) and loot the chest near their shelter.

Abandoned Site (level 15)
Head north along the western end of the lake until you reach a mill-the site of an "Abandoned Area", now populated by Drowners (level fifteen). Exterminate the Necrophages and some Skelligers will move in, including a Merchant who sells a variety of diagrams similar to what the Armorer in Kaer Trolde sold.

Objective	Reward
For liberating the Abandoned Site	120 XP
50 Crowns
The Family Blade (level 15)
Follow the road from the Abandoned Site north, then east, then north-east when you reach a fork. When the road turns north you'll spot a search area to the east. Head uphill to find a shrine, then from this shrine head east to find a camp occupied by several Skelligers (level fifteen) dispatch them and search one for the "Thief's Journal," then read the journal to find where the blade we're looking for has gone. Seems we're going south, after all! Loot around the tents to find two chests-the one near a wagon, between the two tents can contain some decent loot.

Our next goal is south, but first... travel north to find the village of Rogne. Nothing interesting about this place now, but discovering the signpost will come in handy for the future. Once done, backtrack to the obelisk.

Hard Times (level 21)
Travel south-east from the obelisk to find a series of roads criss-crossing the lowlands, where we can find a few things worth noting. Along the eastern side of the lake you can find some houses to loot. East of here you'll find a Cyclops (level twenty-one). A heavy hitter, its attacks can be blocked with Quen, just avoid its leaping stomp attack, which it takes great effort to inform you of ahead of time. Kill and loot hte beast, then use your Witcher Senses to examine the nearby caravan-the dead horse and human, specifically-then turn east and investigate some tracks along the edge of the road. Follow the trail east to find a corpse, upon which you'll find the "Letter to Yanne." Seems like somebody's going to get some bad news back at Kaer Trolde...

Guarded Treasure (level 23)
Continue south and slightly east to find a Guarded Treasure event, which you can reach by entering a doorway built into a hillside (approaching from the north makes this easy to spot-there's even a road heading right to it!) Apply some Specter Oil to your blade, then head down into the darkness, which provokes three Wraiths (levels twenty-two and twenty-three). Dispatch them and loot a chest to the south.

Blandare
Return above ground and head south and slightly east to find yet another village-Blandare. Along the western end of town, near the signpost, you'll find a man named Djenge Frett. Talk to him and he'll offer to team up and hunt the vile Grossbart brothers and give you some direction, starting the quest "The Sad tale of the Grossbart Brothers." Continue east to find a Merchant, who sells little of interest-but he plays Gwent, then hit the notice board and grab the notice "Contract: Missing Miners," which starts a quest by the same name. It's a bit high-level right now, but there's no harm in picking it up.

Hidden Treasure: Freya Be Praised (level 4)
We've done all we need to do in this town, for now. To the south you'll find two lakes-a larger one to the north, and a smaller one to the south. Head south from Blandare following a road until you reach a fork, near which a Merchant rests. Follow the road south-east-this road runs north of the northern lake, where, south of the road you'll find a corpse upon which you'll find the "Itinerant Merchant's Notes" and a "Small Chest Key." Head south to the shore of the lake and kill a pack of Drowners (level fifteen) then dive into the water to find a submerged chest.

Person(s) in Distress (level 14)
Return north to the road, then follow it back west to the fork, now taking the south-western road. Along this road, which runs west of the larger of the two lakes, you'll find a "Person(s) in Distress" event. Kill a mob of Bandits (level twelve to fourteen) and approach a captive Herbalist to free him. He happens to live nearby, and on subsequent visits, you can do business with him, although he doesn't sell anything terribly interesting, nor does he offer great prices. You can, however convince him to play Gwent with you.

Hidden Treasure: Inheritance (level 14)
Our next destination in our meandering trip south is to the west, over some low mountains. We can head south until we find a pass that, with a bit of jumping and determination, can be traversed, or you can fast-travel back to Fayrlund and head south-east. Either way, reach the ruined village of Boxholm. North of the signpost you'll find a dead warrior and an equally dead bear. Loot the former to obtain an "Old, Yellowed Letter" and a "Silver-Plated Key," then read the letter to start the quest "Inheritance." Search the house west of the dead bear to find a half-buried chest, in which you'll find the Silver Sword "Bloodsword."

Mastercrafted Griffin Steel Sword
Before we go... we might as well secure for ourselves an excellent diagram that requires almost no work to obtain. You know, the best kind. From the "Boxholm" signpost head east through the ruins, following a trail. Head up some stairs and scale a ledge, then turn north to spot a chest chilling out amidst some rubble. Inside you'll find the Diagram: Mastercrafted Griffin Steel Sword. Score.

Return to the "Boxcroft" signpost, then head to the western side of the river and follow it south. We'll be going quite a distance. Our destination? The village of Fyresdal along the southern end of Skellige. On the way you should spot a long-abandoned siege tower between a road running west of the river and the river itself. South of this siege tower you'll find a chest with some lucrative loot inside. Continue south along the nearby road, and when it forks turn south-east, then south to reach Fyresdal.

Fyresdal
Enter the town and talk to a Skelliger near the notice board to find our friendly con-man, who wisely has come to his senses and pays you back for the trouble he caused you. Seems we made a tidy profit on this. Fair enough. Grab the notice "Contract: Dragon" from the notice board to start a quest by the same name... a quest we won't be dealing with just yet. Explore to the south near the port to find a Shopkeeper and a Blacksmith, both of whom play Gwent.

Objective	Reward
For tracking down the con-man a second time	50 XP
200 Crowns
Monster Nest (level 13)
Leave Fyresdal via a road running south-west from the southern end of town. At a fork turn north-west and head uphill, following the road as it turns south-west, at which point you should see a fort to the south-west-our destination looms. Enter the fort via an open gate on the north-eastern side of the structure and slay some Renegades (level fifteen), then loot them to score another "Thief's Journal." Read the journal to find that the blade has eluded us yet again... but on the plus side, it gives us an excuse to explore the north-eastern parts of the island. There's also a Harpy Nest here we can destroy while it's unguarded. If you want to give the flying menaces a fighting chance, though, leave the fort and rest a while and the Harpies (level thirteen) will arrive. Kill them, bomb their nest, then loot it.

Objective	Reward
For destroying the Monster Nest	20 XP
