Finishing Up Eastern Skellige
Guarded Treasure (level 17)
We've come this far-we might as well explore the rest of the peninsula. Besides, it can be quite lucrative to do so. Head south-east along the shore, your goal being the south-eastern most tip of the peninsula. Along the way you'll have to deal with some Mudnixers (level fifteen) and White Wolves (level fifteen), just stay away from the mountain, as a Forktail (level thirty) flies around up there. At the end of the peninsula you'll find Elverum Lighthouse, which is guarded by some Ekhidna (level seventeen). Kill them and head up the nearby lighthouse, where, on the third floor you'll find a treasure chest.

Superior Griffin Silver Sword
From the lighthouse head south-west to find a cave entrance near the shore. Kill a Bear (level sixteen), then enter the cave, heading north then turn west and go up some stairs. Follow the tunnel west until you're forced to turn north again. When this path ends turn west and head down some stairs to reach a chamber occupied by a large sarcophagus. Dispatch a Wraith (level twenty-three) provoked by your presence, then find two chests along the western end of the room, one of which contains the Diagram: Superior Griffin Silver Sword. At level twenty-two, it's not a bad upgrade for us right now, if you kept your Enhanced Griffin Silver Sword.

Guarded Treasure (level 19)
There's another Guarded Treasure worth getting, but it'll take a bit of running. Return to the Elverun Lighthouse and follow a road rest of it (running west). It'll turn north-westish in direction before reaching a fork, at which point head north along a road that runs along the eastern shore of the peninsula. In a small inlet you'll find a recess, above which lurk some Sirines (level thirteen) and an Ekhidna (level nineteen). Kill them and loot a chest in their seaside recess.

Bandit Camp (level 17)
Return to the road and follow it north to reach Fyresdal again, from which you should fast-travel back to Holmstein's Port. Leave the town and head north-west where, just past a crossroads, south-est of the road, you'll find a Bandit Camp. Kill the Bandits (levels fourteen and seventeen) then loot a chest near the campfire.

Guarded Treasure (level 21)
Head west to reach the coast, which you should then follow to the north-west for quite a distance. Along the way, dispatch (or avoid) a Bear (level twelve) and just about every White wolf (level fifteen) on Skellige. Eventually you'll find a Cyclops (level twenty-one) near its lair. Kill the aberration, then loot a chest in its den.

Abandoned Site (level 13)
East of here you'll find a road running north-south, which you can follow North to Arinbjorn. Take a road leading west from Arinbjorn to find and Abandoned Site... or so the game calls it. The horde of Bandits (levels twelve and thirteen) would probably disagree. Kill the squatters to ensure this site becomes inhabited by a more productive sort of Skelliger, including a Merchant.

Objective	Reward
For liberating the Abandoned Site	170 XP
50 Crowns
Place of Power
From the Abandoned Site head south-east to find the abandoned town of Fornhala. It's more than just a signpost, though-there's plenty of loot to be found in and around the buildings here, some of it quite valuable. Loot and exit via a road to the south. As you navigate the winding mountain road you should spot a Place of Power off the road to the west. You'll have to leap some ledges to reach the isolated peak the Place of Power is on, but it's well worth a bit of jumping to gain one free ability point.

Diagram: Enhanced Ursine Boots
Once you've drawn from the Place of Power, return to the road, then head west, below and around the Place of Power. You should find a cave entrance north-west of the Place of Power. Enter the cave and eventually you'll come across three aggressively flatulent Trolls (level sixteen). Put them down, then loot east of their campfire to find a chest. South of their campfire, near some logs, you'll find a chest containing the Diagram: Enhanced Ursine Boots. More lootable containers can be found to the west, and further south.

Guarded Treasure (level 19)
Return to Fornhala and head north-east from the town to find a lake. There's no path to follow-just pick your way down the hillside to find the lake, which is protected by a Cockatrice (level twenty). Along some hills north of the lake you'll find a Guarded Treasure event-kill the lurking Ekhidna (level nineteen) then look a corpse to find-among other things-a "Short Letter." There's also a container next to the corpse.

Mastercrafted Griffin Silver Sword
Head back south to return to the lake, which you should cross to reach the eastern end of the lake. Here you can find Find a ruined tower near a Guarded Treasure event. Don't provoke the Werewolves (level thirty-two) near the Guarded Treasure and head into the tower, where you'll find a chest containing the Diagram: Mastercrafted Griffin Silver Sword. Nice. That'll end this leg of our trip-there's one more event to the south-east, along the eastern edge of the lake, but it's guarded by Werewolves.