Sailing to the Whale Graveyard
Smuggler's Cache(s) (levels 13 and 16)
Return to Arinbjorn and commandeer a boat (there's usually one north of the town, or one along the southern end of the island upon which Eldberg Lighthouse is located)... or swim. Either way, make your way west of Arinbjorn to find a Smuggler Cache event. Another one-guarded by Ekhidna (level sixteen) can be found to the north-west. We'll find a third Smuggler's Cache west and slightly south of the jetty along the southern end of the island upon which the Eldberg Lighthouse is, which is guarded by a flock of Sirines (level thirteen). A fourth is to the north, also guarded by Sirines (level thirteen).

Smuggler's Cache(s) (level 16)
Another host of Smuggler's Caches can be found east of the Eldberg Lighthouse Isles, the first of which is east and slightly north of the relevant signpost. Here you'll encounter several Ekhidna (level sixteen) instead of the usual Sirines. To the north-west is another Smuggler's Cache with the same foes flying (or swimming) about. A third lies to the north-east, a fourth is to the north-west, and a fifth is north-east of there... that's right. Zig-zag and score loot.

Hidden Treasure (level 18)
Back to the south-west is a small island we passed, which is north and slightly west of the Eldeberg Lighthouse island. Stop your boat nearby and swim to it to find that it's occupied by a quartet of Drowners (level eighteen). Climb a ledge and loot a chest to claim the treasure.

Smuggler's Cache (level 13)
Our next destination is a larger (but still fairly small) island to the north-east. Between this smaller island that one you'll find a Smuggler's Cache near an abandoned longboat now serving as a floating Sirine nest. Kill some Sirines (level thirteen) then loot the floating chests.

Spoils of War (level 16)/Hidden Treasure (level 18)
Sail north-east to reach the island and search the southern coast of the island to find a half-submerged ship. Kill the Ekhidna (level sixteen) flying around, then swim down to the ship. Along the western side of the wreck you'll find a whole you can swim in. Loot a container in the interior of the ship, then return to your ship. Sail to the north-western end of the island where, along the coast you'll find some Drowners (level eighteen). Kill them and search for a ledge you can climb to the east. Scale it to find a chest worth looting near a campsite.

Smuggler's Cache (level 13)/Spoils of War (level 18)
Board your boat and pilot it to the north-east to find a standard Smuggler's Cache event, guarded by several Sirines (level thirteen). Once you've looted the chests, sail back south-east to reach the northern point of the island on which Kaer Trolde is built, where you'll find a "Spoils of War" event. At least it's not another "Smuggler's Cache," right? Disembark and dive into the water to find a ship in a ravine, east of which is a chest. Kill the Drowners (level eighteen) swimming around, then loot the chest.

Smuggler's Cache(s) (levels 16 and 18)
Return to the boat and sail north-east to find... another Smuggler's Cache. Ah well... you know the drill. These three chests are guarded by Drowners (level eighteen). To the north and south of here isanother Smuggler's Cache guarded by some Ekhidna (level sixteen), while to the south-east is a Smuggler's Cache guarded by more Drowners (level eighteen).

Crime and Punishment (level 18)
Sail south and slightly east to find an alcove where you'll find an "Ancient Crypt" signpost. Might as well grab it to make it easier to come back her later. Continue sailing east along the northern coast of Skellige, where, on a coastal outcropping east of the "Ancient Crypt" signpost you'll find a chained prisoner named Yorg, who is beset by Harpies (level eighteen). Kill the flying pests, then talk to Yorg, who will claim that he's been framed for murder. If you free him he'll thank you, and promise to return the favor at a later date.

Objective	Reward
For rescuing Yorg	10 XP
Smuggler's Cache(s) (levels 13 and 18)
Return to the water, ye salty dog, and make your way to the north-east to find a Smuggler's Cache guarded by Drowners (level eighteen). Another nearly identical event can be found to the south-east, while a third such event-this time guarded by Sirines (level thirteen) is to the north-east. Three more Smuggler's Cache events can be found in a line, with the first (western-most) one to the north-east. The first one is guarded by Drowners (level eighteen) while the last two are protected by Sirines (level thirteen).

Bandit Camp (level 16)/Smuggler's Cache (level 18)
From the third (eastern-most) of this northern chain of Smuggler's Caches (just west of a small island) sail south-west to find a larger (but still rather small) island. Along the western coast of this island you'll find a Bandit Camp, populated by... well, Bandits (levels twelve, thirteen, and sixteen), of course. Kill them and loot some chests under a shelter, then set out to sea again. West of the island you'll find another Smuggler's Cache populated by Drowners (level eighteen).

Smuggler's Cache (level 13)/Guarded Treasure (level 16)
East and slightly north of here-a fair distance off-you'll find a pair of islands. Along the western edge of the larger, southern island you'll find a Smuggler's Cache event near an abandoned ship of continental origin. Scatter the Sirines (level thirteen) polluting the air, then loot the chests. Sail between the two islands and land on the northern shore of the southern island to find a Guarded Treasure event. Kill the Bear (level sixteen) then loot a corpse.

Smuggler's Cache(s) (levels 13 and 18)
South and slightly west of these two islands is an atoll, noteworthy only as a landmark... although some Sirines (level thirteen) do lurk in the watery interior of the atoll. South-west of the atoll you'll find a triangular assortment of Smuggler's Caches consisting of three events in a line running to the west, and one event to the south. These caches are guarded by the usual assortment of Drowners (level eighteen) and Sirines (level thirteen). North-west of the western-most points of this triangle are four more Smuggler's Caches with Drowner (level eighteen) protectors.

Bandit Camp (level 14)
Loot and pillage these eight Smuggler's Cache events, then, from the north-western most of them, sail further north-west to reach the north-eastern coast of Ard Skellig, where a Bandits Camp event can be found. Kill the Pirates (levels twelve to fourteen), who aren't isolated to just the area around the map marker. South of the Bandit Camp event you'll find the "Giant's Toes" signpost, while at the Bandit Camp marker you'll find a chest to loot just south of the campsite.

Superior Griffin Gear
Continue north from the Bandit Camp and venture along the coast until you find another group of Bandits (level twenty-four) near a camp. Kill them, then search along the western cliffs to find a chest nestled on a boat, behind some rocks. Inside said chest you'll find the following Diagram: Superior Griffin Armor, Diagram: Superior Griffin Gauntlets, Diagram: Superior Griffin Trousers and the Diagram: Superior Griffin Boots.

The Family Blade (level 15)
Return south to-and past-the "Giant's Toes" signpost. Along the coast you'll have to dispatch some Drowners (level eighteen) near some beached ships. Continue south to reach the Whale Graveyard, where you'll find a variety of Bandits (level twelve). Kill and loot them to find another "Thief's Journal" and the sword "Kuliu."

Finally, we've chased down this sword! Grab it and head to the nearby "Whale Graveyard" signpost and fast travel back to the "Kaer Trolde Harbor" signpost, then make your way towards the keep. On the covered bridge running over the harbor you'll find Olaf. Talk to him and hand over the sword to finally, mercifully, end this quest.

Objective	Reward
For returning the sword Kuliu to its owner	XP Varies
20 Crowns
While you're in Kaer Trolde... might as well also continue onto the keep and talk to the Blacksmith. Show him the letter you found at the site of the Cyclops attack to complete the quest "Hard Times."

Objective	Reward
For delivering the letter to the Blacksmith at Kaer Trolde	25 XP
20 Crowns
