Hindarsfjall
Well, that was a fun Gwent break, but now it's back to business. Fast-travel back to the Whale Graveyard, fight off whatever Drowners (level eighteen) may have respawned) and commandeer a boat. You destination is Hindarsfjall, which is east and slightly south of here.

Taken as a Lass - Part 2 (level 25)
Sail around to the southern end of the island, though, to find a beach ship along a small island (there are three islands off the south-western coast of Hindarsfjall-this is the eastern-most of the three). Kill the Ekhidna (level nineteen) flying around and search the ship to find a chest, which contains a chest, which in turn holds the "Notes of a Pirate." Reading it provides a lead in the quest "Taken as a Lass." East of the ship, along the northern shore of the island, you'll find some corpses and evidence of medicine used to treat them.

Missing Persons (level 15)
Swim or sail to the north-east, where, on the shore of an inlet, you'll find Yennefer. After she complains you'll follow her to the town of Lofoten. Head north into the village and interrupt whatever ritual the villagers are performing by asking them about the Wild Hunt, which they claim destroyed their village. After getting some positive identification of Ciri, Yennefer and Geralt will be disappointed in learning that some cursed man named "Craven" might know more... but he left on a suicide mission to fight a monster named Morkvarg. Ask about this Morkvarg to learn a bit more about him, then gain permission to enter the holy grounds. Follow Yennefer out a gate to the north, then east along a road, then north again along a river to reach Freya's Garden to complete the quest "Missing Persons."

Nameless (level 14)
Yennefer and Geralt will spot Morkvarg through a gate, after which follow Yennfer up some stairs and along a walkway to eventually reach the sacred tree. After some banter, Geralt and Yennefer come to the fair division of labor that sees him do all the work. She, for her part, will do her best to stay out of the way. Activate your Witcher Senses and examine some of Craven's blood, then a hole in the ground. You can follow the trail to the south-east and wander around the garden... or you can just head north under some vine-covered arches and drop down a ledge to reach some stairs. Dispatch some Wolves (level fifteen), then investigate a gate to surmise that Craven must have fled through it and barred the way.

Return south-east and scale a ledge to return to the sacred oak, then continue south-east and drop down another ledge-this one north of the walkway you and Yennefer walked on earlier. Once you've dropped down, head through a gate to the north-east, kill another Wolf (level fourteen) and continue north-east. Drop down a ledge, cross a bridge, then scale a wall to the north to find some sluice control levers. Activate the right (northern) lever first, then the left (southern) lever. When the sluice gate raises, head back down to the bridge, drop into the canal, and swim to the north-west.

Climb a ledge then ascend a ladder built into the stone. Continue north-west until you find some stairs leading down to the south-west. Here you'll find the other side of the closed gate that confounded us earlier. Activate your Witcher Senses and study a trail leading to a well, and Geralt will surmise what happened. Before you jump down, there's an encounter we can witness. Head north-east to find a building with a door that was violently rent open. Investigate the door, then head inside the building and search some corpses, then search a chained, severed leg on the floor. Morkvarg will show up and, if you wish, you can listen to his story. Once he's done telling it, he'll attack, and like the women in the village promised, he can't be permanently killed. Beat him into submission, then follow Craven's lead and leap into the well.

Scale a ledge to the south-east to exit the water, then follow Craven's blood south, then east, to find his body. Before you search it, grab the "Key to Freya's Garden" off a corpse to the north, which opens the nearby door. Once you have the key, search the body. Geralt will tell Yennefer about his find, and Geralt resigns himself to a wretched task. Once back in the grove with Yennefer, she'll use some... controversial magic to learn more about Ciri.

The Calm Before the Storm
When you're in control of Ciri, engage in some conversation with Skjall, after which you'll be interrupted by Astrid, who has decided you need to spend some time at a sauna to recover your strength. Follow Astrid out of the house and to the spa, where you'll have to head into a changing room to... well, change your clothes. Undress, then either wrap yourself in a towel or go to the sauna as-is. Follow Astrid into the shower where she and her mother will talk to you. If you didn't bring a towel, they'll ask Ciri about a tattoo she has... but it's all pretty meaningless conversation.

Agree to take a dip in the water and after you escape from the mindless babbling you'll notice that Ciri's health has replenished somewhat. This is the first time in the game where she didn't heal on her own-injuries and all. Go through a door to the south-east and jump into the water to futher increase your health. When your health bar is done refilling, climb back out of the water and walk across the wooden walkway to find a platter of "Freya's Firewater" near a tree. Drink some and your health will fill up the rest of the way. Return to the sauna, enter the changing room, put your clothes on and leave.

Once outside the sauna head south-west to find the stables, where Skjall has prepared a horse for you. As Ciri you can engage in some flirtatious behaviour, if you wish, but whatever you do it'll be interrupted by Ciri's usual pursuers. Fight off some Hounds of the Wild Hunt (level twelve) and some Wild Hunt Warriors (level fourteen) until Skjall prompts you to flee. The two of you will mount up, and you'll have to ride along a road, dodging the attacks of Hounds of the Wild Hunt as you ride. Reach the shore and you'll see what happened to Ciri, and what Skjall witnessed afterwards...

After Yennefer ends her spell, her and Geralt will chat. Before you can leave, however, the village women show up, understandably upset at what happened to their garden. Yennefer still make an unusually altruistic move and take the blame for the both of you and you'll leave the garden, after which Geralt and Yennefer will talk about about what they discovered and make some more plans. This ends the quest "Nameless," and begins "The Last Wish," "A Mysterious Passenger" and "Ugly Baby."

Objective	Reward
For finding out what Skjall knew of Ciri	XP Varies
Guarded Treasure (level 16)
Yennefer wants to meet in Larvik next, and this gives us a great excuse to explore more of Hindarsfjall. From Freya's Garden head south-west to find a Guarded Treasure event between the roads leading to the aforementioned garden. Kill a Wraith (level sixteen) and loot a chest to complete this event.

Once done, head north-east to find a search area south-east of Freya's Garden. Here you'll find Josta, who doesn't tell you anything about Morkvarg that she didn't already tell us earlier. More interestingly you'll find Kurisu here, the Skellige Warrior's sister whom is the object of the quest "Taken as a Lass." Listen to her story to complete the quest. You can also do business with a Freya Priestess, for what that's worth.

Objective	Reward
For learning the fate of Kurisu	75 XP
Abandoned Site (level 15)
Leave the temple and head to Lofoten, where, if you got here quickly enough, you can actually loot the Wild Hunt foes that you dispatched as Ciri earlier. Score. Leave Lofoten via a gate to the south, and follow a road to the south-east, passing the "Lofoten Cemetery" signpost along the way. Follow the meandering road and cross a bridge, continuing on the road until you find an Abandoned Site and an "Isolated Hut" signpost. Kill the prowling white Wolves (level fifteen) and populace will move back in, including a Merchant.

Objective	Reward
For liberating the Abandoned Site	170 XP
50 Crowns
Abandoned Site (level 13)
Continue south-east along the road until it forks, at which point take the northern-most of the two roads to find another Abandoned Site near the "Lurthen" signpost. Kill the Harpies (level thirteen) flying around and good, honestly, ground-dwelling folk will return.

Objective	Reward
For liberating the Abandoned Site	170 XP
50 Crowns
Leave the no-longer Abandoned Site via a road leading east, then take the first road to the north you find, following it until you reach Larvik. Here you'll find a Merchant, an Innkeep, and an Armorer-all of whom play Gwent, should you still need some random cards. Search the notice board outside of the tavern and pick up the contracts "Contract: Monster on the High Road" and "Race for Modron Freya's Glory" to start the quests "Contract: Strange Beast" and "The Heroes' Pursuits: For the Goddess' Glory!" respectively.