Larvik and The Last Wish
The Last Wish (level 15)
Now that we're done with that, let's go see what Yennefer needs and be done with her quests for now. Head into the tavern in Larvik, where you'll find Yennefer along the eastern end of the building. Talk to her and you'll find out that Yennefer is still fixated on taming a Djinn, an obsession she's had for as long as Geralt's known her. Despite it being a bad idea, agree to help her. Besides, we need Yennefer's help, and keeping her happy is part of that. So choosing between an unhappy Yennefer with a tamed Djinn at her disposal... well, just try to ignore all the other possible bad options.

Follow Yennefer out of Larvik's western gate, the north down a hill to the coast, where you'll find her ship. More chatter will ensue, and Yennefer will cast a spell to help us in our search. It's pretty obvious who's getting wet here, and who is staying dry. Board the ship and sit opposite of Yennefer, and she'll sail you out to see, babbling as she does so. When she discovers a ship underwater, she'll cast a spell to help you with your free-diving.

Dive off the boat and swim to the sea floor to find a sunken ship in a ravine. Swim into the ravine and shoot down some Drowners (level eighteen) then, after Yennefer telepathically bothers you, swim west into a cavern. Loot two chests and a shell, then use your Witcher Senses to highlight some boats, then investigate them to find out this isn't the right ship wreck. Surface, board Yennefer's boat, and sit back down for her to sail you to the next wreck.

Exit the boat and swim north again and dive when you reach the search area to find another submerged ship. Loot some containers, then activate your Witcher Senses and search a buckler near the mast and some arrows in the hull of the eastern end of the boat to rule out this wreck, too.

Yennefer will sail you around again until she reaches another ship wreck in the atoll we used as a landmark during out maritime exploration earlier. Jump off the boat and swim east, klling a few Sirines (level thirteen) as you go. Keep diving as you swim east and Geralt will find what appears to be a massive underwater crater. After Yennefer violates you magically, she'll confirm this as a place of interest. Dive to the bottom of the crater where you'll find a boat. Activate your Witcher Senses and loot various containers around the wreck, then search an object lying on the sea floor near the ship to find a "Broken Seal." Surface and present the Broken Seal to Yennefer, who will use it to perform some more magic-much to Geralt's chagrin.

Objective	Reward
For locating the Broken Seal	XP Varies
After the teleportation, Geralt will question Yennefer's motives, and this time she'll be forthcoming. Respond how you wish to her rather personal motivations, then head east to find the rest of the ship. Head onto the ship and enter the cabin, where you'll find some containers to loot and some false leads. Head east and go down some stairs where you'll find more chests to loot, and a few books. Search some boots to reveal a blood trail, then examine the blood trail, and finally search the book shelf the blood trail leads to. Geralt makes a horrible pun and finds the second piece of the seal.

Apply some Elementa Oil to your Silver Sword... you know, just in case... then head back up to the deck above the cabin. When you approach Yennefer will work some more magic and summon the Djinn, who, as she predicted, is none too happy. To defeat the amorphous puff-ball, intermittently casting Quen to protect yourself from its magical attacks as you hack away at it. When it falls, Yennefer will force the Djinn to do her bidding, then free the beast.

Geralt and Yennefer will take a break to rest and chat. Yennefer will pour her heart out to you, and you'll get the choice to turn her down (and commit to a romance with her) or turn her down. Make your choice, but be careful not to profess your love to one sorceress too many... It might have unintended consequences. After some more magic Yennefer and Geralt will make some more plans concerning Ciri.

Objective	Reward
For wishing away the last wish	XP Varies
Back in Kaer Trolde
You're now back in Yennefer's room in the Kaer Trolde tavern. Now's as good a time as any to help out Crach's children and settle the succession issue in Skellige... but first, if you held on the Crystal Skull from the beginning of the game, you can give it to Yennefer, which is worth some experience. Leave Yennefer's room and Talk to a Skelliger named Tante sitting at the table to learn more of Undvik and Hjalmar to update the quest "The Lord of Undvik."

Objective	Reward
For giving Yennefer the Crystal Skull	50 XP
An Unpaid Debt (level 15)
After learning a bit from the Skelligers leave the tavern. We could head off after Crach's kids... But first, we may have a debt to repay... if you got help from a fellow prisoner to escape from Lugos' dungeon, he'll be waiting outside the tavern. Talk to him and he'll tell you he's here to collect. He's not forthcoming with the details, however. If you don't agree to help him, he'll make a veiled threat. If you do agree to help him... he'll make a veiled threat anyways, but tell you to meet him near Blandare.

Fast travel to Blandare... or the Crossroads, or Rannvaig. The hut Simun wants to meet at isn't terribly close to either of them. There's a lake north-west of Blandare-the hut is on the eastern coast of said lake. Meet Simun Brambling there and he'll command you to do a bit of dirty work. Either do the honorably dishonorable thing and do as Simun commands, or do the dishonorably honorable thing and turn on Simun.

Objective	Reward
For doing the honorable thing	XP Varies
