The Lord of Undvik
Undvik is due south of Spikerogg. Unlike what the Skelligers in Kaer Trolde's tavern told you, it's not so treacherous of a journey-there are some Sirines (level thirteen) you'll have to deal with along the way, but otherwise, it's a simple enough sail. When you approach the island you'll gain an experience reward. Land on the shore and make your way to a bay on the north-eastern edge of the island, where you'll find Marlin Coast, which will provide us easy access to and from the island, as needed.

Objective	Reward
For reaching Undvik	XP Varies
Loot the jetty and houses near the "Marlin Coast" signpost for various goodies, then follow the road north-west. It's intermittently broken by water, but it shouldn't be too hard to follow. Kill some khidna (level nineteen) along the way and eventually you'll find a wrecked longship across the road. If you search near it, you can find a discarded shield belonging to Crach's clan. Well, at least we know Hjalmar made it.

Guarded Treasure (level 13)
Continue north-west until you find a Guarded Treasure event just off the shore to the west. The guardians in question are a flock of Sirines (level thirteen). Exterminate them, then head to a small rocky island to find the chest they were guarding.

Return to the "Marlin Coast" signpost and follow a road leading away from the coast to the south-west. Even you reach a fork, head down into a watery ravine to the south-east, where you'll find some corpses and a treasure chest to loot. Climb some ledges to the norht and return to the road, which you should follow... more or less west. Cross a rickety bridge and loot some roadside supplies-and identify the corpse of another Clan an Craite explorer. Keep your Witcher Senses on to spot the signs of a litter being dragged, then follow the road as it veers north, where you'll eventually witness a symbiotic relationship between monsters.

After the giant leaves, head south and kill some Sirines (level fifteen), then turn east and climb into the ship. where you'll find a man named Octo. Talking to him to learn that... he's not quite right in the head, but given what he's been through, that's not surprising. He'll talk about the giant and also tell you that he saw Hjalmar and his crew-and they were in bad shape.

Leave the ship and head south-west. When the road turns west, follow it until you find a fork. Continue west to find Hjalmar's camp. Activate your Witcher Senses and investigate the bodies. You'll also find tracks leading along one road to the west, while a trail leads along another road to the south.

Head south first, following the trail until you reach the northern shore of a large lake. Search a body near the shore, then investigate a boat nearby. Dispatch some Wraiths (level sixteen) that show up, then continue south to find the "Urskar" signpost. Ignore the carnage lying around-we merely came here for the signpost, which will make getting back here easier.

Tracking the Runaways
Backtrack north to Hjalmar's abandoned campsite, then follow the tracks along the road to the north-west, and follow the road-and the tracks-as the road turns south. Drop off a ledge to the south, investigate a dead Nekker, then follow the tracks to the west until you find two more dead Nekkers, which display the prowess of the rogue Skelligers. Search more tracks to reveal the next section of trail, then follow them to the north-west to find the "Abandoned Village" signpost, then examine an arrow-riddle log the tracks lead to.

Investigate the tracks near the log to uncover more of the track, and follow it north, examining some blood on and near a rock as you go. Another bloody rock can be found further along the tracks, and eventually the foot trail gives way to intermittent blood pools. Find a corpse leaning against a barrel, then pick up the "Hornwall Horn" nearby. Examine some mixed footprints to the north to surmise that the archer was taken into the nearby cave.

Ice Troll's Cave
Head north to find a cave "Entrance." Climb a ledge and go inside, following a new blood pool to the north, then, to the north-west when the path splits. Slay an Ice Troll (level nineteen) in the cavern beyond, then continue west to find another Ice Troll for your killing pleasure. Backtrack east to where we fought the first troll, then continue north.

When you reach a fork you can head north-east to fight a third Ice Troll (level nineteen) on some icy ledges outside the cave. Backtrack inside the caves to the fork, then continue north-west, following the blood trail. Scale a ledge to the north and follow the passage beyond to the west, then north to reach the Troll's main chamber. Geralt, as it happens, interrupted them in the middle of cooking a meal. Their dinner betrays them by shouting out, leaving you with the option of challenging the Trolls to a game for their meal, or just fighting them. In the first case, answer their first question with "A Troll," after which Geralt asks his own riddle, which the daft Trolls fail to guess. If you win their game, the Trolls live up to their end of the bargain. If you pick a fight, kill the three Ice Trolls (level eighteen) and head up to their cauldron to free their meal.

Either way, you and the Skelliger will leave the cave. You can tell him about Cerys, and he'll tell you about their ill-fated adventure to Undvik, how he ended up in a Troll's stew pot, and where he thinks Hjalmar is. After you're done talking, Folan will decide to follow you around as you search for Hjalmar. Return south to the "Abandoned Village" signpost and fast-travel to the "Urskar" signpost.

Objective	Reward
For rescuing Folan	XP Varies
Searching for Hjalmar's Crew
Search near the signpost to discover more bodies, then follow a trail south, then south-east uphill until you find a cave. Head south first, following the trail until you reach a large lake to the south. Search a body near the shop, then investigate a boat nearby. Dispatch some Wraiths (level sixteen) that show up, then continue south to find the "Urskar" signpost. Search near the signpost to discover more bodies, then follow a trail south, then south-east uphill until you find a cave.

Enter the cave and continue south-west until you reach a ledge, off which you'll need to perform a leap of faith. Do so, then swim south-west to reach dry land and slay two pesky Eriynas (level thirteen). Pop a Cat Potion before you continue to explore, as it's awfully dark down here, and we'll be in these caves a bit.

To the west you'll find some containers to loot, and a corpse and a chest in a dead-end pool the the west. At the north-eastern end of the chamber you'll find some land on which rests the bodies of a warrior and a Sirine. Scale some ledges to the north-east, loot some containers, cross a bridge, and examine more bodies-both beast and man.

Climb up some more ledges to the south, cross another bridge, and follow the linear path south, then south-west, then south again to enter into a large chamber. To the south is a subterranean tree around which Harpies (level thirteen) swarm. Kill the flying nuisances, then return north and follow the cliff edge west to find some scaffolding leading down into the watery depths of the chamber. Reach the stalagmite-riddled water, most of which is just deep enough to swim-and swim to the south-eastern end of the chamber, where, behind a large stalagmite, you'll find a chest with generally exceptional loot inside.

Return back to the north-west and climb the scaffolding to return to the dry, northern end of the cavern, then continue north-east to find more scaffolding you'll have to climb. Investigate another very dead Harpy, then climb a ladder to reach more caves. Yay... Turn south-east and score a chest, then head up to the north-east to find two Devourers (level thirteen), which are somewhat more powerful Rotfiends. Kill them and loot their remains for Devourer Blood, which is a useful alchemical component required to craft many high-end potions and oils.

At the nearby fork, head north-west first to find a chest, sack, and barrel to loot, then backtrack and take the north-eastern fork. Kill another pair of Devourers (level thirteen) the search the corpse of another Harpy. At another fork, head south-west to loot another chest and two more barrels, then backtrack to the fork and head north-east, to reach daylight.

Master Armorers (level 24)
When you surface you'll find the "Clan Tordarroch Forge" signpost, which is a welcome discovery. Before we mess around with the building to the east, though, let's take a short-but profitable diversion. Head north from the signpost to find a road leading west into a cave, which is occupied by a Rock Troll (level twenty-six). Kill it and loot a chest to find some "High-Quality Smithing Tools" and the Silver Sword Deithwen. These tools should allow Fergus to craft whatever armor our imaginations come up with.

Rescuing Hjalmar
But first, we've got to rescue Hjalmar. Backtrack to the signpost and head around east to the northern side of the building to find a door, then head inside to discover the giant's gruesome pantry, dispelling any question as to what the beast was feeding the Sirines earlier. Head east and dispatch some Devourers (level seventeen). If you go through a doorway to the north you can examine a corpse to get Geralt to comment on the Necrophage's being lured by death, and if you go through a door to the south you'll find a room full of human bones. They, and some containers, can all be looted.

Head through a hole in the wall to the north and examine some tracks, then follow the trail to the north-east to reach a fork in the path. You should notice that the footprints leading north-east are much larger-probably belonging to the Giant, while the smaller ones to the north-west offer a better chance of belonging to Hjalmar. Head long the road to the north-west. It'll eventually run along the lake to the north, then turn norht-east and lead to the village of Dorve, where you'll find Hjalmar fending off some Harpies (level thirteen).

After the fighting Geralt, Hjalmar, and Folan (if he's still with you) will chat. Despite the disasters they've met with so far, Hjalmar shows no signs of quitting... determination and stupidity are two sides of the same coin. Before you follow them to the giants lairs, return to the village's western entrance, near the signpost. Inside the village, search north of the gate to find a skeleton, on which is an "Old Key" and a "Mysterious Map." Grabbing these starts the quest "Ruins, Hidden Treasure, You Know..."

Note: You can find piles of boards in various spots throughout the village which contain Nails. These Nails are listed as quest items, and obtaining them will satisfy Octo's request for Nails and Twine (you'll have to provide the latter yourself). Grab some of these Nails and bring them to Octo for a reward... or not. He'll be gone after the giant is slain, however.

Objective	Reward
For bringing Octo some Nails and Twine	XP Varies
Geralt the Giantslayer
We'll get to that later. For now, follow Hjalmar through the village to the southern hills where the Giant makes its lair. When you approach the cave entrance Geralt and Hjalmar will indulge in some menial labor to clear a path. Once done, head inside the cave, traveling south-west, then north-west when stalagmites block the path. Drop down a ledge to the north, then follow the tunnel as it wraps around to the west, where you'll spot the sleeping giant.

A captured Skelliger will call out to you, and you'll have to decide whether you want to try rescuing him without waking the giant. If you don't, Vigi will end up waking the giant, and during the fight, he'll be killed. That being the case... we might as well try to free Vigi. To do this, agree to free him, then find the key. You'll have to stay off the snow as you walk, so head south on the stone to find a chest to the east of the sleeping giant, which contains a "Key to Vigi's Cage." Return north with the key in hand and free Vigi from his crude cage. As soon as he's out, he'll stupidly provoke the giant and start a fight.

Objective	Reward
For freeing Vigi	XP Varies
Either way, a fight begins. At first the Ice Giant has only its fists, but once reduced to three quarters of its health it'll head to recover an anchor (killing Vigi in the process if you didn't free him) which it wields like a flail. It's not too hard of a foe-just use Quen to protect yourself and hack away at the giant until it falls. Afterwards Hjalmar will talk to you and offer you the title of "Geralt the Giantslayer." Accept it or say it belongs to him, then decline to accompany Hjalmar back to shore... we're got a few more things to do on the island, first.

Objective	Reward
For killing the Ice Giant	
XP Varies
Mastercrafted Silver Sword

For rescuing both of Crach's children	XP Varies
