The Wild Hunt
To Kaer Morhen
Head up to the Baron's Keep. If you haven't visited since the Baron left (only possible if you killed the Ghost in the Tree) you'll get an update from the Baron's Sergeant. As bad as the Baron could be, seems the new regime is worse. Enter the keep and talk to the Baron's Sergeant again. Geralt doesn't even try to negotiate and, in the face of an inflexible and aggressive Witcher, he wisely concedes the critter to you. Go the the stable and talk to the stable master, whom Geralt convinces with the same rosy disposition he used on the sergeant.

Objective	Reward
For adopting Uma	XP Varies
Once again, however, Nilfgaardians show up to complicate things, demanding you return to Vizima. Not having much of a choice, Geralt concedes. Give your report to the Emperor, and despite our meager results, the Emperor will pay us half our reward-2000 Crowns-for what we did learn... it's still better than what he had before, after all. After we're dismissed, Geralt will talk to Yennefer, and they'll agree to meet up at Yennefer's, where we can try and lift Uma's curse.

Objective	Reward
For revealing what you learned to Emhyr	2000 Crowns
Kaer Morhen - One Week Later
Geralt-riding Roach and with Uma in tow-will make it to Kaer Morhen, after a close encounter with a Forktail. When he reaches the old keep he'll be greeted by Vesemir, and it'll shortly become abundantly clear that Yennefer already has reign of the place. A reign of terror, if you believe poor old Vesemir.

We've now got three tasks ahead of us-helping Yennefer, Eskel, and Lambert. Might as well head into the keep first, since we're nearby. Explore Kaer Morhen-there are a few things to loot, including some chests (which mostly just contain repair kits), then make your way into the keep, where you'll find Lambert in the great hall.

The Final Trial (level 19)
Talk to Lambert and... well, he's a jerk, as always. Geralt will offer to go with him to the Circle of Elements, and Lambert is only too willing to let somebody else carry some of the workload. Agree to go with him, then follow Lambert out of the keep and through a hole in the wall to the north, as the two banter about events from the first game that left Kaer Morhen in such a compromised state.

Follow Lambert north and endure more of his chatter. Along the way you'll have to fight some Harpies (level nineteen). Eventually you'll find the "Lakeside Hut" signpost, and beyond it the dock where Lambert moored his boat... except the tricky watercraft seems to have gone missing.

Head north-west along the shore and kill some Drowners (levels seventeen and eighteen), after which a Water Hag (level twenty) will show up. Kill them and Lambert will detail the route we'll be taking more thoroughly than he did before, then the two will discuss some of Lambert's childhood trauma.

Climb into the boat and take a seat opposite Lambert, who will pilot the ship against the waves-and in spite of Geralt's whining and front-seat piloting. Eventually you'll reach a cave, where Lambert will bring up Old Speartip again before the two Witchers hear an odd voice. Choose to investigate the noise, then head west, then north from the cave to find an illusion. Kill a quartet of Foglets (level eighteen) then endure the indignity of Lambert teasing you.

Old Speartip's Cave
Return back south, then east to find the cave, then enter it by heading north-east. Drink a Cat potion-if any cave in the game needed one, it's this one-then continue north until you find a more open chamber with a pillar obstructing your way. Go around the pillar to the west to find a boat, under which is chest. More lootables can be found in the waters to your east. Approach a high ledge and use your might Witcher team powers to defy gravity.

Scale some more ledges and either Aard a weak section of wall, or refrain and climb a nearby ledge, instead. Continue north to come to another Aard-or-climb decision, then continue to the north-east where you'll find yet another Aard-or-climb scenario. Either blast the wall to the north or climb a ledge to the east, then circle around clockwise, cross a bridge, and drop down past the Aardable wall.

Either way, continue north-west up a slope, then scale a wall to enter a large chamber where-despite your actions-Old Speartip sleeps. You can provoke Old Speartip-a Cyclops-by simply running up to him, or you can sneak past him by scaling a series of ledges to the north. Why let him live, though? Experience, treasure, and least of all, Lambert's peace of mind are at stake! Either way, scale a ledge to the south-west of where you entered the chamber to find another chamber beyond, in which lie several treasures, including a chest. Also, beyond (north-west of) Old Spearhead you can find another chest. Anyways, loot, then deal with Old Speartip (or not). He fights just like any other Cyclops, in case you were wondering.

Trolly Mountain
Climb the ledges along the northern edge of Old Speartip's lair, then follow the linear tunnel to daylight. Lambert will make light of some trolls, then Geralt will be a sour-puss, as usual. Head up a winding trial to the north to send a Troll running. As you near the cave entrance, more Trolls will show up and declare this a "Troll mountain." Lambert, exasperated, lets you do the talking... then fails to keep his mouth shut and provokes the Trolls.

Sprint into the cave, then blast a wall to the east with Aard and climb a ledge to the south to exit the cave... only to find that the Trolls have headed you off. Either attempt diplomacy (Lambert keeps his mouth shut well enough this time) or fight them (levels seventeen and eighteen) -you'll have to give up your weapons to show that you mean them no harm.

The Circle of Elements
Do what you wish, then continue along a path to the south to finally reach the Circle of Elements. After some chatter, light the torches nearby, then put the Phylactery on the altar to charge it. While the magic does its job, the two Witchers will talk for a bit, after which you'll get the option to fast-travel back to the fortress, or stay here. The only reason you might want to stay is to clear out two events in the area... and by "in the area"... well... that's really just code for "north of Kaer Morhen."

Objective	Reward
For charging the Phylactery	XP Varies
Guarded Treasure(s) (levels 14 and 20)
If you navigate the cliffs south and east of the Circle of Elements you can find a Guarded Treasure event on a hill. Kill a Wyvern (level fourteen) and loot the chest it was lurking near for some tasty loot. The other Guarded Treasure event is along the western shore of the lake we just traversed with Lambert, so scale you way down to the south-west where you should be able to find the boat you took to get to the cave, then pilot it (swimming works in a pinch) to an inlet about midway up the western coast. Head into the hills to find a Leshen (level twenty). Kill it, then find the chest it was guarding hidden in a bush.

To Bait a Forktail (level 19)
Let's go help Eskel out now... Yennefer, if Vesemir is correct, seems to be in quite a mood. A Forktail might be more agreeable. Leave Kaer Morhen via its western gate and activate your Witcher Senses near the "Kaer Morhen" signpost. Investigate some hoof prints to update the quest "To Bait a Forktail" then follow them along the road, to the south, across a stream, and finally, as they veer off the road to the south-east. They'll continue past some ruins (with lootables around them) before finally you'll see Eskel's moust, Scorpion.

Investigate Eskel's camp, then some more tracks on the ground. Follow them until they terminate a short while later, then search a nearby tree to pick up a scent trail. Apply some Dragonid Oil to your Silver Sword, then follow the scent trail east until you find more tracks, which eventually lead you to Eskel. The two will banter a bit before their prey arrives. Harass the Forktail (level eighteen) until it flies off, then chase it south. When you lose track of it, activate your Witcher Senses and examine a blood trail, then follow the bleeding Forktail further south.

Scale some ledges and listen to Eskel chat. Eventually you'll find signs that it landed. Follow the new trail to the north and into a cave. Venture north-east into the cave, then turn south when you must, drop down a ledge, then continue into a small chamber. Loot a chest in a recess to the east, then scale another ledge in the same direction to reach the Forktail's lair. Put the beast down, then collect the materials Yennefer wants from the Forktail.

Note: If you have "Wolf School Gear" DLC installed, you can find a chest ----- with the Diagram: Enhanced Wolven Gauntlets in them here.

Leave the Forktail cave and Eskel will challenge you to a race. Indulge him or not-he likes to ride slow until he's near Kaer Morhen, so you don't need to gallop until you cross the stream near the fort. Even then, Roach is retarded and likes to get spooked by or stuck on the environment, especially when crossing the bridge to Kaer Morhen or going through the gatehouse. Win the race and Eskel will give you a reward... but it's nothing major, if you get sick of Roach constantly throwing the race at the end.

Objective	Reward
For beating Eskel at a horse race	XP Varies
Mountain Folk Boots
For slaying the Forktail	XP Varies
