The Wild Hunt (Continued)
Hunting the Wild Hunt
Geralt will summarize the situation pretty well, but in case there's any doubt, your goal is to take down three portals the Wild Hunt is coming through. This task is relatively simple and can be done at your leisure, with plenty of time to heal in between... at least, with food and potions. The three portals are south, across a river, and they can be closed by hitting them with one of Lambert's Dimeritium Bombs, or by casting the Yrden Sign when you're nearby. You're also invisible, but like most fantasy invisibility spells, it has limitations-get too close to an enemy, or attack or cast Signs, and you'll be detected. If you're careful, though, you should be able to sneak up on a rift and hit with Yrden, then dispatch the foes nearby. Speaking of which, your enemies here are Hounds of the Wild Hunt (level twenty-two) and Warriors of the Wild Hunt (level twenty-four), both foes we've fought before. Repeat the process three times and Geralt will succeed at his task.

Objective	Reward
For closing the rifts	200 XP
Helping Triss
As Ciri make an inconsequential timed decision in an argument with Vesemir, then when you're in control head south along the battlements, killing two Hounds of the Wild Hunt (level twenty-two). Reach the tower Triss is on, then fight off the members of the Wild Hunt there, including more Hounds of the Wild Hunt and some Wild Hunt Warriors (level twenty-four). When they're all dead Triss will be free to cast her magic.

Battle in the Lower Courtyards
Once you're back in control of Geralt ride Road back to Kaer Morhen (if you raced Eskel earlier, the route should be all too familiar, if not-just follow the road). Ride into the lower courtyard and Vesemir will give you a command. Kill the foes in the courtyard, then go up the ramp to the east, scale some ledges, then run along the wall to the west, killing Wild Hunt Warriors and Hounds as you go. Reach a tower then turn north and pull a lever to close the gate.

Retreat back around the wall and head into the middle courtyard level to the north, as Triss' power is fading... meaning the blizzard that accompanies the Wild Hunt is closing in-and you should remember from earlier how much damage that can deal.

Objective	Reward
For performing a fighting retreat to the middle courtyard	500 XP
Once in the middle courtyard, kill the Wild Hunt foes here, then flee further north to the next level of the courtyard. Repeat the process again, then flee to the east, to the main courtyard. No plan survives contact with the enemy however, so head back down the stairs and head north to give Triss an assist by killing the Wild Hunt as they pop up.

Opening the Gate
As Ciri again, fight off some Wild Hunt Warriors with Eskel, then head south. Dispatch another group of Wild Hunt foes and head north-west down some stairs, then down another flight of stairs. Kill one more group of Wild Hunt baddies, then open the gate to the west by activating the winch.

Defending the Upper Courtyard
Your supply of Dimeritium Bombs will be replenished here, if you used any or not... which is good news, because our goal is to close more gates. Ignore the enemies, who will keep spawning, and try to close the gates as they appear. The portals will appear north and south of the entrance to the keep-first to the south, then the north. You'll have to close two portals in each location to proceed. Once the closed, head back west to help Triss at the entrance to the upper courtyard to watch the end of the battle.

Objective	Reward
For defending Kaer Morhen	1000 XP
After the battle, Geralt and Yennefer will talk to Ciri. The battle of Kaer Morhen is over, but the war against the Wild Hunt has just begun. This ends "The Battle of Kaer Morhen" and begins "Blood on the Battlefield."