Reason of State
The Scheme
Head to a warehouse along the south-eastern end of the dock district's crescent. Knock on the door and you'll be let in. Go upstairs and the three primary conspirators-Vernon Roche, Thaler, and Dijkstra-will lay out their plan. Agree to play your part, then head outside, where another party interested in Radovid's demise will show up and offer you aid-both advice and an item-that might just increase you chances of success.

He Bites
Make your way to the docks along the south-eastern end of the central district, where, along the long pier, you'll find Radovid's absurd boat. Talk to a Redanian Soldier near the boat and he'll let you on board, where Radovid will make a good case for why, exactly, he should be put down. Tell him what he wants to hear, then give him the ring you were given earlier and he'll bite. After Geralt leads him to the Phillipa's supposed location, Radovid will spring a surprise of his own. Fortunately, the some well-timed intervention from our allies spares us from Radovid's designs... and gives us the means to fight back.

Assassin of Kings
Kill the Redanian Soldiers (level twenty-nine) nearby, then make your way north-west across St. Gregory's Bridge, killing Redanian Soldiers (levels twenty-seven and twenty-nine) and Witch Hunters (levels twenty-nine and thirty-three) as you go. Kill all the Redanians and approach the barricade at the end of the road to witness a score being settled.

The King in the North
Mission accomplished, although not as planned. Drink to Temeria (or not) and you'll learn there were backstage politics at play you weren't aware of. The party will be ruined when Dijkstra makes a theatrical entrance... and power play. You've got two options here, both of which affect the ending of the game and the future of the north. During a timed dialogue decision, either say "Do what you want." to get out of politics and leave the Temerian patriots to their fate, or say "Won't let you kill them." to oppose Dijkstra. In the latter case you'll have to help fight off him and his henchmen (level thirty). Either way, the quest "Reason of State" ends.

Final Preparations
Ciri: Confidence or Doubt #3 - Meeting the Lodge
We've seen to everybody's needs, and perhaps helped reshape the balance of power in the north, so we're ready to proceed, right? Head to Dandelion's tavern and make your way to the second level, where you'll find Ciri fretting over an imminent meeting with Phillipa and Margarita. Here is another chance to influence Ciri's confidence, and hence, the end of the game.

Pick the dialogue option "Going with you." to accompany Ciri to the meeting. The conversation that occurs therein-including your responses-don't matter. Simply being there undermines Ciri's authority, and hence sows doubt. Alternatively, if you pick "You'll do fine on your own." Ciri's confidence will grow.

In any event, if you romanced both Triss (you got a romance scene after "Now or Never") and Yennefer (you got a romance scene after "The Last Wish") both will come to you after Ciri's meeting with Phillipa and promise you unearthly delights. The holy grail of sorceress lovin'. The greatest thing that's probably ever happened to Geralt (and certainly better than anything that's happened to most of us)... ménage à trois. This starts the quest "It Takes Three to Tango". Might as well get this over with if you have it, otherwise skip to the heading "Talking to Avallac'h".

Objective	Reward
For reforming the Lodge of Sorceresses	1000 XP
It Takes Three to Tango
Head to the Kingfisher and make your way to the second level, then knock on the door to begin the festivities. Then... well... yeah. How did you think this would end? Oh well, chin up. The only thing that they hurt was your pride, and you kind of had it coming. Two-timing jerk. Time to go talk to Avallac'h. After that, fighting the Wild Hunt doesn't seem so bad.

Talking to Avallac'h
Now head upstairs and talk to Avallac'h, who will tell you about some dissent in the ranks of the Wild Hunt, and some means by which we might exploit it. Get all the details you can, then head off with Avallac'h, if you're ready. This begins the quest "Through Time and Space".